iranian opposition movement mujahideen khalq said that it had won a seven-year legal battle when three senior judges supported a ruling yesterday stating that the british government was wrong when it banned the movement , considering it to be a terrorist movement .
judges at the court of appeal refused to uphold the british government 's ruling last november , saying that its refusal to remove iranian organization mujahideen khalq from the list of banned terrorist organizations was wrong .
the president of the court lord nicholas philips said that the appeal presented by interior minister jacqui smith was " not based on a reasonable assumption " and added that " the appropriate approach is to refuse the application " put forward by the interior minister .
mariam rajwi , head of the political wing of mujahideen khalq , the iranian resistance movement 's national council , said that " the ruling proves that describing mujahideen khalq as a terrorist organization was unfair . "
she said in a phone call from paris to reuters " the governments of the west and the government of the united kingdom owes the iranian people and the resistance an apology for this disgraceful description . "
rajwee said that removing the name of mujahideen khalq from the british list of terrorist organizations would release the organization 's frozen assets and would allow it to collect funds from its supporters in britain , adding that she hoped the ruling would end similar sanctions by the european union .
she said that britain and the european union must recognize and agree to start negotiations with the iranian resistance .
mujahideen khalq began as a leftist-islamist opposition group to the former shah of iran but clashed with religious leaders who came to power after the islamic revolution in 1979 in iran .
commander of al-anbar police staff lieutenant general tariq al-hasan confirmed that intelligence information led the haditha police command to the name and address of the person who is known as " abu omar al-baghdadi , " leader of the " islamic state of iraq " organization , which is linked to the " al-qaeda " organization .
al-hasan confirmed in a statement to " asharq al-awsat " that the true name of " al-baghdadi " is hamed dawood khalil al-zawi .
al-hasan indicated that al-zawi was born in 1959 and had worked in the iraqi intelligence service during the previous regime , and was dismissed from it because of his extremism .
al-hasan said that raids based on intelligence information were carried out in al-zawi district of the haditha province , where the information was obtained .
he added that " information indicates that we are two bows ' lengths or less away from capturing him or killing him . "
al-hasan added that the presence of al-qaeda elements in al-anbar " has been totally exposed , and that capturing them or killing them has become an accepted truth that every member of the iraqi police in the province believes in . "
" thus , the capture of the leader of the so-called islamic state of iraq is imminent , " indicating that his staff " has his real picture now , which is withheld for security reasons . "
al-hasan clarified that the expanse of desert between the provinces of haditha , mosul and kirkuk gave al-zawi continuous mobility , hence some information reported that he was from baghdad or mosul .
however , we affirm that he has relatives and family in al-zawiyah village in the haditha province and that the inhabitants of the area carry the name of their city or village , al-zawi .
the defense team of 3 dutch citizens of arab origin , who had been arrested in a terrorism-related case , expressed happiness with the general prosecution decision to close investigations and search in the case .
the defense team stated that it is now preparing for a judicial case to demand compensation for the three individuals , two of moroccan origin and a third of sudanese origin , to compensate them for the time they spent in prison during case investigations .
a spokesman for the dutch general prosecution said that a decision was made to close the follow up and investigation file for the case , in which the three individuals were arrested . the arrests were made during new year 's celebrations on suspicions of involvement in preparation to execute terrorist attacks during new year 's celebrations .
the spokesman added that the general prosecution made this decision since there was no evidence , and because search missions to the suspects ' houses did not find any explosives or weapons . plans to execute terrorist attacks were unclear , and targets of those plans were not identified .
previously , the defense of the three individuals expressed great astonishment because the arrest of the suspects was only based on information from internal security intelligence agencies and without any evidence .
in the middle of last january , the dutch general prosecution filed an appeal against the court 's decision not to extend the imprisonment of the two moroccans , while it did not demand an extension for the imprisonment of the third individual of sudanese origin .
however , the consultative court in rotterdam issued its decree rejecting the general prosecution 's request for lack of strong evidence that proves the involvement of the two individuals in terrorist plans . therefore , the court decided to release them .
this is a small country consisting of 7 million people , without any natural resources to speak of . it is surrounded by enemy countries yet in spite of this , israel has managed to build an economy with international status and growth of 5 % a year since 2003 , faster than the economies of britain , america and japan .
according to reuters , the move towards free market policies in recent years contributed to the success of its economy but a large part of israel 's growth comes from businessmen who set up technology companies then sell the company or shares to the public in a model that has perhaps reached the limits of its economic capacity .
after making enormous progress in the first 60 years of its creation , israel is now looking for means to benefit from the culture of invention through marketing its technological know-how abroad . shlomo kalish , founding partner of the company jerusalem global ventures , one of the oldest venture capital companies in israel , says " israeli business men are good at working the international market because there are no local markets to speak of , globalization works to our benefit " .
zeev holtzman , chairman of the israel research center venture and giza venture capital , says that china and india , israel 's two competitors in the field of advanced technology , are now a big market for israeli exports .
he added that " asia has effectively become more important as a market for israeli advanced technology . however , the level of inventive technology which is limited to the israeli advanced technology sector remains the principal factor in maintaining israel 's superiority . "
a british court announced the day before yesterday that the palestinian islamist " abu qatada , " who is considered the spiritual leader of the al-qaeda organization in europe , will be released shortly under court supervision ,
a matter criticized by the government that seeks to deport him .
the immigration appeals commission said that omar mahmoud mohammed othman , known as " abu qatada , " will be subject to strict court supervision and will only be able to leave his home for two hours daily .
judge john mitting 's ruling to release the muslim cleric came after the court of appeals ordered the government in april to stop measures to deliver him to the government of his home country because of his allegation that he faces the threat of torture if he returns to jordan .
but the judge acknowledged that " abu qatada " may threaten national security , and therefore he imposed a 22-hour curfew on him ,
which means that he has to stay at his home all day except for two hours .
officials said that the rest of the details will be decided during another hearing session within two weeks at the most .
fundamentalists in london said that " abu qatada " has not gotten home yet ; however they expressed hope that he will join his family within a few days after the long months he spent moving between the strictly guarded " belmarsh " prison and " long lartin " in northern england .
the appointed release time of " abu qatada " was not determined , but the question will be decided in a few weeks ,
noting that he is detained at " belmarsh " prison southeast of london .
yesterday , moscow paraded its nuclear missiles and tanks in the red square for the first time since the end of the soviet age .
new russian president dmitry medvedev warned against the eruption of " armed clashes , " as a result of " irresponsible ambitions . "
russia returned to the traditions of the former soviet union , as the red square recorded the country 's latest military achievements , following a year of standstill .
military music bands and 8,000 soldiers participated in the military parade .
heavy arms followed after that , including the ballistic topol-m missiles and t-90 tanks , and jetfighters flew over the show area .
in an attack against american foreign policy and western support for the independence of kosovo , medvedev criticized " intentions to meddle in other countries ' affairs , especially the drawing of borders . "
the new president was supported by his predecessor , vladimir putin , who became prime minister under the shining sun in front of lenin 's grave . his picture appeared on a giant board in the background , on which the date , may 9 , 1945 , was also written .
for the first time since the collapse of the soviet union , the largest russian city , from the far east to the banks of the baltic , kaliningrad , witnessed a parade for military and aviation equipment , within the framework of the same system that the capital witnessed .
what is noteworthy in this regard is the keenness of russian authorities this year that soldiers and officers of the russian red army should appear in the new uniform produced by valentine udashkin , the most famous fashion designer in russia , who is widely known in the international fashion world .
the nineveh command operations announced the evening before last a curfew in the governorate of nineveh .
a number of the city 's residents said in telephone conversations with al-sharq al-awsat that the city in general is extremely calm and that iraqi armored vehicles patrol the streets at night while american planes patrol the skies . they said that the curfew applied to people as well but that there was movement in one area and that shops were open and people had started to panic buy fearing the curfew will last several more days .
yunis hashim , the governorate 's islamic party deputy , said that the surprise factor at the forces entering is what allowed control of the town because al-qaeda elements did not expect them to enter in this way , indicating that there were rumors also about car bombs to fight these forces , but this has also been brought under control . he believes that the operations have several targets but will not take place in the same way as operations in basra and baghdad .
the head of operations in the governorate of nineveh , major-general riyadh jalal tawfiq , called for in a statement read out yesterday to journalists at the headquarters of the nineveh operations command " lecturers , intellectuals , sheikhs , heads of tribes and religious authorities in the governorate of nineveh , as the second line of the security forces , to stand with us to liberate the governorate " , according to an independent agency ( iraq voices ) .
the commander of nineveh operations also recommended that " members of the former iraqi army to join the ranks of the security forces to drive out al-qaeda gunmen " .
the karam abu salem crossing , located in the area of a triangular meeting point on the borders between egypt , israel , and gaza , was subjected to palestinian shelling yesterday , as egypt kept the rafah border crossing with the gaza strip open for the second consecutive day .
eyewitnesses , residents from the egyptian-israeli border area , said that yesterday morning at least three palestinian rockets fell on the israeli side of the karam abu salem crossing .
the witnesses said they clearly heard the sound of explosions on the israeli side of the crossing , which made them cautious about moving in the area close to the border with israel .
it is to be noted that there were no material or human losses on the egyptian side . israel has kept the karam abu salem crossing closed since last april 19 after palestinian activists carried out an attack on the crossing that resulted in the wounding of thirteen israeli soldiers and the killing of three palestinians . the crossing was used for the passage of egyptian food assistance to gaza .
since the beginning of the year , an egyptian man and a female child have been killed by bullets , which the bedouins of the area said had been fired from an israeli guard tower at the karam abu salem crossing .
last february , a palestinian rocket fell inside the egyptian area by mistake , fired by palestinian activists at the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
most of the areas of the gaza strip drowned in deep darkness , after the only electricity generation station in the strip stopped working for the second successive day , as israeli authorities refused to permit its provision with the fuel required for operation .
palestinian families in many areas of the gaza strip depended on candles to light their houses , while electricity generators could not operate for lack of gas oil and petrol .
at the same time , lighting equipment operated by gas stopped working for lack of gas in most palestinian houses .
abd al-karim abdeen , the general manager of the palestinian energy authority , explained that the occupation forces have refused to provide the electricity generation station with fuel , claiming that there were security obstacles in the " nahel hanon " crossing , through which the fuel dedicated for the station is unloaded .
israel permits the strip to be provided with limited quantities of the electricity generation station 's fuel , so that the station won 't keep enough of a fuel reserve .
for its part , the palestinian ministry of health warned of the repercussions of the power cut on medical services and patient lives .
in a statement issued yesterday , it said that the electrical power cuts threatened the lives of kidney patients , who need kidney-dialysis operations requiring an electrical current , and pulmonary disease patients who need breathing equipment , which depends upon electricity , in addition to the danger that threatens the lives of newborns , whose care depends upon the presence of an electrical current .
the ministry also noted that the electrical power cuts would damage large quantities of medications that should be kept in refrigerators .
akinwumi adesina , vice-president of the alliance for a green revolution in africa , regards the world food crisis as an opportunity in addition to being a challenge . he said that " in the medium and long term , expanding agriculture and not food aid is the sole solution " .
adesina said that the reduction in agricultural production in africa over the past 30 years is a scandal because african farmers only produce a little , very little indeed , barely enough for their families ' needs .
he said that " the agricultural sector in africa has been neglected for decades . "
pedro sanchez , an agriculture specialist at columbia university in new york who works as a consultant for the united nations development program , considers that the current crisis is an appropriate time for a green revolution , and refers to the indian example .
he says " the price crisis in the sixties is what motivated the provision of huge funding for rice growing there " .
sanchez said that as they faced an astronomical increase in prices on the world market , african countries who depend on imports must move towards local production of wheat , rice , grains and other agricultural products to reduce their dependence on foreign imports .
some african countries are attempting to do exactly this . in early may , the kenyan government launched a 50 million dollar program in cooperation with the alliance for a green revolution in africa , aimed essentially at helping small farmers .
with this program , low interest loans are being offered to around 2.5 million farms , in addition to state-funded fertilizers and good-quality seeds .
in senegal , president abdullah waad revealed a plan he called the " great agricultural campaign for food and availability . "
the first ballot offices opened their doors at 10 : 00 gmt on tuesday in indiana ( north ) , where important primary elections are being held in the framework of the race to obtain the democratic party nomination for the presidential elections in november .
the primary elections started , [ while ] tens of people waited for ballot centers to open in indianapolis . they will close their doors at 22 : 00 gmt .
this election process is the forty-ninth to decide the result between democratic candidates barack obama and hillary clinton to obtain the support of the democratic party .
some polling centers located in the west of the state will open at 11 : 00 gmt . at 10 : 30 gmt , polling offices in north carolina ( southeast , ) where other primary elections are being held , opened .
a total of nearly 3.4 million voters in the state were [ invited ] to vote in indiana , since these voters are not registered according to their political affiliations , as in other states . in this case , republican or independent voters could make a difference .
in north carolina , only voters registered in the democratic party ( 6.2 million ) or independents ( 2.1 million ) will participate .
no matter what the results of the primary election on tuesday are , neither of the two democratic candidates will have the sufficient number of delegates allowing them receiving the party nomination . the result could convince " super delegates " to join this or that candidate , however .
in the shadow of a political crisis , israel commemorates on wednesday soldiers and civilians who dies in battles or attacks before celebrations in the evening for the sixtieth anniversary of its creation .
prime minister ehud olmert said in a speech broadcast on radio " we remember here our sons who fought and sacrificed themselves for israel 's existence [ ... ] we promise to continue to commemorate them and fight for the state 's existence and work for a better future " .
on tuesday , olmert said that " it is hard for a person to be prime minister of israel " in reference to an investigation by the police into another corruption case in which his name appears and which the media considers to be extremely dangerous .
the court imposed a complete blackout on this file but it allowed details to be published which claim that the authorities are questioning " a foreign national considered to be the main witness " in the case .
the political class is already talking about the possibility of olmert resigning or being suspended or even early elections as the current parliament 's term ends in november 2010 .
in the shadow of this poisoned political atmosphere , flags on official buildings were lowered to commemorate the 22,437 israeli soldiers killed in battle and 1643 civilians killed in attacks since the founding of the state of israel on may 15 , 1948 .
in the same way as every year , sirens went off at 11 o 'clock local time ( 7.00 gmt ) all over the country and israelis stood still to honor their dead .
after this , olmert presided over ceremonies in the military section of the mount herzl cemetery in west jerusalem where the majority of historic figures in the country are buried .
on wednesday , south africa 's president thabo mbeki called for the promotion of economic cooperation , cooperation between his country , the biggest economy on the african continent , and qatar , which is considered one of the most important exporters of gas in the world ,
especially in the areas of natural gas , space science , and human resources .
mbeki , who is paying a visit to qatar , said that " south africa is interested in obtaining liquefied natural gas from qatar " during a seminar that brought together qatari and south african businessmen on wednesday morning in doha .
mbeki added , " one of the subjects that we will discuss is cooperation in the field of space science ( ... ) and in the field of human resources . "
the president of south africa began an official visit to qatar at the head of a delegation that includes , in particular , around a hundred businessmen representing around thirty institutions interested in forming partnerships with qatar .
mbeki said that the economic relations ( between the two countries ) " do not rise to the level of our political relations . "
the emir of qatar sheikh hamad bin khalifah al thani hosted his guest on tuesday and wednesday and discussed with him " ways of promoting bilateral cooperation . "
" they also reviewed many of the regional and international issues , " according to the qatari news agency .
for his part , the minister of trade in south africa mandisi mpahlwa indicated that " the time is appropriate now to develop commercial cooperation opportunities ( .. ) especially in the areas of energy , communications , sciences , technology , infrastructure , and tourism as well " .
mpahlwa added in a speech in front of a seminar of businessmen this morning in doha , " we brought businesses interested in financial , banking , tourism , consultative , and investment services and the technologies of electricity , oil , and gas . "
beirut 5 / 7 / 2008 ( afp )
an official in the general labor union in lebanon announced the " suspension " of the demonstration , which was decided for wednesday to oppose the government 's policy , for security reasons .
boutros saada , secretary of foreign relations in the union , told agence france-presse that , " the demonstration has been suspended because it was hard for participants to arrive . " he added , " the union will meet later to set another time " without giving additional details .
ghassan ghosn , chairman of the general labor union , noted in a press conference that " suspending " the demonstration was decided " because security agencies did not provide protection for participants . "
the official national media agency said that the general labor union decided to " cancel the demonstration that was set for today because of security conditions . " a source from the labor union had earlier refused to confirm the news of canceling the demonstration .
the source said that the gathering in al-barbir was still ongoing , but the demonstration did not start an hour after its scheduled start time ( 10 : 00 local time , 7 : 00 gmt . )
the demonstration was scheduled to start from the sensitive al-barbir area in beirut , as it lies on the border with areas where support enjoy a heavy presence , and to end at the lebanon central bank .
france-presse correspondent said that tens of demonstrators gathered in al-barbir . since the early morning , main roads in beirut , including rafiq al-hariri international airport , were blocked with sand barriers , tires , old blazing cars , garbage bins , and concrete cubes .
security forces took heavy security measures , and army machinery and internal security forces were spread at crossings .
palestinian medical sources and witnesses said that 14 palestinians , the majority of them activists , were injured when the israeli army entered east khan yunis in the southern gaza strip at dawn on wednesday .
doctor moawiya hassanain said that six palestinians were injured , one of them seriously , in another air raid targeting a house in the farahin area of east khan yunis . this brings the number of wounded this morning to 14 .
eyewitnesses said that the injured included palestinian activists .
sources said that " seven palestinians were killed when the israeli army penetrated the farahin area of east khan yunis in the southern gaza strip , including three activists from the qassam brigades , hamas ' armed wing , after being hit by missiles from a reconnaissance plane . "
the sources said that " four others were injured in artillery bombing , including three activists , during the incursion " .
al-qassam brigades said in a statement that it fired a number of mortar shells and rpgs against israeli armored vehicles which penetrated the east khan yunis area .
eyewitnesses said that a number of israeli military tanks accompanied by bulldozers and covered by drone planes took part in this incursion wednesday morning with intensive bombing of civilian houses .
there were also armed clashes between palestinian activists and the israeli army .
in answer to questions put by agence france press , an israeli military spokeswoman in tel aviv said that " the israeli army opened fire near khan yunis against palestinian gunmen . "
the united nations secretary general expressed his " grave concern " about the shelling operations that civilian targets were exposed to recently , among them a school and a market , in the restless darfur region in western sudan , according to the office of the secretary general .
in a statement by the united nations , the secretary general indicated that shelling a school , water facilities , and a market in the villages of darfur is " categorically unacceptable . "
the statement added that the african-united nations hybrid peacekeeping mission in darfur ( unamid ) helped in the evacuation of the injured after the attacks .
the statement added that ban is also concerned about the acts committed by gangs , as they complicate humanitarian operations and hinder unamid 's ability to perform its tasks .
he renewed his call to all parties to reduce hostilities , guarantee protection of civilians , and work with unamid to promote security and to adhere to the political process led by special envoys from the united nations and the african union .
the spokesman of the rebel justice and equality movement , ahmed hussein adam , on monday declared in darfur that fighter planes from the sudanese government forces shelled the north of this region for three days , which resulted in the killing of fourteen civilians .
and in response to a question from agence france presse in london where he resides , he commented , " continuous bombing for three days has been noted , carried out by antonov bombers . "
the darfur region in western sudan has been witnessing a conflict for the past five years that has resulted in the killing of about 200,000 people , according to international organizations , and the departure of more than two million . the united nations even talks about 300,000 killed , but khartoum denies that .
berlin 5 / 8 / 2008 ( afp )
justine henin of belgium and svetlana kuznetsova of russia , ranked first and third , respectively , left today , thursday , from the [ eighth round ] of the berlin international tennis tournament with awards of 1.34 million dollars .
henin lost to dinara safina of russia , thirteen , 5-7 , 6-3 and 6-1 ,
and kuznetsova to alona bondarenko of ukraine , fifteen , 1-6 , 6-2 , and 6-2 .
henin , the titleholder in 2002 , 2003 , and 2005 , suffered much in the first group and won it with difficulty , 5-7 , but she lost the second group , 6-3 , before collapsing in the third , 6-1 .
she accordingly left from the eighth round after two hours and 33 minutes .
this is the first time that henin has left early from a professional players ' association round , since she left from the second round of the american miami round in 2006 .
it is the first round on ground fields in which henin had participated this season .
she returned to competitions for the first time this season since her loss in the quarterfinal round of the miami round to the american serena williams , 6-2 and 0-6 , last april 1 .
kuznetsova 's situation was not better than that of henin . after she easily won the first group , 1-6 , she collapsed in the second and third and lost them with one result , 6-2 .
in the next round , safina met the american serena williams , fifth , or the aniska radvaneska of poland , eleven .
tunisia expressed its " extreme surprise " at french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's statements on wednesday in which he said that french president nicolas sarkozy 's comment that " the climate of freedom in tunisia is progressing " was out of place .
the tunisian foreign ministry said in a statement , a copy of which was received by agence france presse that kouchner " misjudged things twice , once about his president who expected greater coordination of him , and about a friendly country which deserves more fairness towards the efforts it continues to make . "
the source said that " kouchner 's opinion contradicts official statements by the french president during his visit to tunisia last week " , although the french foreign minister tried to avoid his statements being categorical when he conceded that tunisia holds an advanced place in the matter of defending human rights .
the tunisian foreign ministry added that " we simply remind kouchner who does not know tunisia well that the french president clearly stated that france does not agree to placing itself in a position to give lessons on human rights . "
the source said that " tunisia does not claim to be perfect in this matter " , and reiterated statements by tunisian president zine al-abidine bin ali on this subject .
the tunisian president said in an interview with french magazine afrique asie that he was aware of what has not been achieved in the area of human rights and said that he " welcomed criticism " . bin ali said " in this area as in others , we know that there is still a lot to be done . "
the lebanese army command announced on saturday that it decided , after the two disputed decisions between the government and hezbollah were entrusted to it , to keep the head of airport security in his position pending investigation ; to study the matter of the hezbollah communication web ; and to ask all rival factions to prevent armed demonstrations .
the army command 's statement , which was issued less than an hour after the end of a speech by prime minister fuad al-siniora in which he entrusted the two decisions to the army , mentioned that its decision comes " after entrusting the army with the two decisions related to the airport security authority and the land communication network , and regards its two decisions as not issued by the government . "
the army command in lebanon decided that it " decided to keep the head of airport security lieutenant colonel wafiq shuqair in his job , provided that the appropriate technical measures should be taken after the end of the investigations in order to prevent the recurrence of what happened , to safeguard airport security and safety . "
the army command also decided " to entrust the subject of the communication network to the signal personnel in the army without jeopardizing the public interest and security of the resistance . "
it also asked " all rival factions to bring the situation back to what it was before the start of recent events by forbidding armed demonstrations , withdrawing armed men , and opening the roads . "
it decided " to charge the deployed army units to continue to take field measures to maintain security , spread the authority of the state and to detain violators . "
the lebanese government decided last tuesday to dismiss lieutenant colonel shuqair from his position as chief of airport security after it thought that he hesitated in dealing with the problem of a camera that hezbollah is accused of installing close to the airport to monitor arriving and departing individuals .
sudanese security forces arrested islamic opposition leader hassan al-turabi and at least four of his party leaders on monday . they are still chasing darfur insurgents who threatened to launch a new attack on the sudanese capital , which is witnessing separate gunfire .
after two days of an unprecedented attack on the city of omdurman , close to khartoum , launched by insurgents in the justice and equality movement , the strongest group amongst the insurgent movements in darfur ( in western sudan ) , where a civil war has been ongoing since 2003 , eyewitnesses noted that they heard gunfire near the american embassy in khartoum , where a curfew has been imposed .
" security forces came to our house this morning and arrested my husband , bashir ( adam rahma , ) " said israa mohammed al-bashir in a phone call to agence france-presse .
" we know that they also arrested hassan al-turabi and at least three senior members of the popular congress party , " she added .
" they might have arrested others , " she asserted , " the security forces did not provide any justification for the arrests . some have accused them of involvement , however , in what happened in khartoum " .
al-turabi , the leader of the popular congress party , has been repeatedly arrested in the last years . he was released for the last time in june 2005 , after he had been imprisoned for 15 month for charges of planning a coup .
al-turabi was the theoretician of president omar al-bashir 's regime and had become his strongest enemy . he had previously denied any relation to the justice and equality movement , but he has admitted that he had some influence over it .
the american navy 's decision to redeploy its fourth fleet , 60 years after it was suspended from action , with the aim of leading increasing naval forces in south america , is causing concern in the region and some even see it as a return to the " diplomacy of force . "
cuban leader fidel castro raised the issue in an article published last week in granma newspaper , the official organ of the cuban regime , accusing the united states of attempting to spread terror and death in latin america .
the 81-year-old cuban leader , who withdrew from power last february , wrote that " plane carriers and atomic bombs that threaten our countries are aimed at spreading terror and death , not fighting terrorism and illegal activities . "
fidel added that " there is no need to prove [ ... ] interventionist aims " hidden behind the redeployment of the fourth fleet announced by washington on april 24 .
he considered that the aim of the american initiative is to send a message to venezuela , cuba 's ally , and the region . bolivian president evo morales also referred to " the fourth intervention fleet " in an interview with cuban television .
however the american navy emphasizes that redeployment of the fleet is simply an administrative procedure and does not constitute a naval aim of a permanent presence of american forces in south america .
the navy said that american warships and submarines will be put under the command of the fourth fleet when it moves into the region on july 1st and , unlike the other five fleets each commanded by a three-star admiral , this fleet would be commanded by a two-star admiral .
in a statement issued at the united nations monday evening , the group " friends of lebanon " called for an immediate halt to the fighting in lebanon and to hold presidential elections without preconditions .
the statement added , " we call for an immediate halt to the fighting , the withdrawal of combatants from the streets , opening the roads , and re-opening beirut international airport . "
the group also called for " the immediate election of a president without preconditions , the formation of a national unity government , and holding general elections in accordance with the election law that all parties approve of and in accordance with the plan of the arab league . "
the group expressed its " grave concern " about the situation in lebanon which " threatens the stability of the country and the region , " confirming its " strong support of the lebanese constitutional institutions , especially the government and the armed forces . "
the group renewed " confirmation of its strong support of lebanon 's sovereignty , political independence , stability and unity . "
the " friends of lebanon " group includes twelve countries : germany , saudi arabia , the united arab emirates , egypt , spain , the united states , france , britain , italy , jordan , kuwait , and qatar , in addition to the secretaries general of the arab league , the united nations and the european union council .
the group clarified that it issued this statement at the conclusion of a conference call on monday among the foreign ministers and the delegates of each of its members , in which a minister from the lebanese government took part .
the statement did not reveal the identity of this minister . on the other hand , the security council dealt with the situation in lebanon during informal discussions , according to diplomats .
the ambassador of the united states zalmay khalilzad expressed his hope that the council will hold an official meeting about lebanon as soon as possible .
beirut 5 / 15 / 2008 ( afp ) - the lebanese government agreed wednesday evening to cancel the two decisions pertaining to shiite hezbollah 's communication network and the removal of brigadier general wafik shokeir , chief of the airport security authority , who is close to the party , based on the recommendation of commander general michel suleiman .
these two decisions were behind the fierce clashes in beirut and a number of lebanese areas last week between supporters of the opposition and the parliamentary majority , after hezbollah secretary general hassan nasrallah considered them " similar to announcing war against the resistance . "
at the end of a council of ministers ' emergency session , ghazi al-aridi , minister of information , read an official statement in which he announced " the government 's approval of the army commander 's recommendation stated in his letter to the minister of national defense ( elias el-murr ) , and which included the cancellation of the two decisions " mentioned before . he noted that they " have not been implemented or issued in a mandate yet . "
since the government renewed " its rejection of using armed violence outside the framework of constitutional legitimacy , "
it noted that this decision came " in favor of the national interest and safety of citizens , to facilitate the mission of the arab ministerial committee , and as a preparation for implementing the articles of the arab solution , " according to an official statement form the council of ministers .
in the first hezbollah comment on the governmental step , the shiite organization 's al-manar television station said , " the retreat came after the government had put the nation in the blaze of an irresponsible clash . "
in the beginning of its evening news , it noted that the government retreat " opened the door for returning to the previous stage , through a dialogue , for which [ spearker ] ( nabih ) berri ( [ speaker ] of the council of representatives and an opposition leader ) set an agenda , and the ( arab ) committee is working on determining its mechanism .
an iraqi security spokesman said that the iraqi forces had started to carry out operation al-rabiain security on wednesday to capture al-qaeda members in the governorate of nineveh with its main city mosul in the north of the country .
major-general abdul karim khalaf , the interior ministry spokesman , said that " a second operation began this afternoon called al-rabiain targeting those who carried out crimes against security forces and civilians in mosul ( 370km north of baghdad ) . "
he confirmed that operation zair al-assad launched on the tenth of this month to capture al-qaeda members and outlaws in mosul had ended .
he said that " this operation will work to secure services and reinforce national reconciliation and rebuild mosul with the participation of army and police forces and logistical help from the american army . "
he pointed out that the " operation is fully iraqi [ ... ] and part of putting an end to terrorism and crime , and appeals for the government 's help by the people of mosul . "
khalaf said that operation zair al-assad led to 560 people being arrested among them wanted and suspected persons , and that they are currently being questioned [ ... ] because the operation is only targeting wanted persons . "
prime minister nouri al-maliki arrived in mosul today to supervise the operation . iraqi security sources announced on saturday the start of operation zair al-assad to capture terrorists in the city which is currently considered to be the most dangerous town in the country .
the american leadership describes mosul as the center of battle against al-qaeda .
the city , which is currently considered to be amongst the most dangerous in the country , has seen massive attacks and explosions .
czech team coach karel bruckner announced today , wednesday , the basic make-up entering the finals for the european football cup scheduled this coming june 7 to 29 in austria and switzerland . tomás rosicky and pavel nedved will be absent .
bruckner confirmed at a press conference today that nedved , who is playing for italian juventus , will not withdraw the decision of his international retirement ,
while rosicky , the english arsenal player , will not go into the finals due to an injury .
bruckner , who will leave the team after the finals , confirmed that its basic make-up , consisting of the official number of twenty-three players , may undergo some changes , notably giving hope to radek sirl , defense for the russian zenit saint petersburg , who today , with his team , will enter the final match of the european union cup competition against the scottish rangers .
the czech team will enter a camp in austria from the 20 to the 26 of the current month . absent from it will be the goalkeeper of the english chelsea petr cech , due to his participation with his team at the final match of the european champions league competition this coming wednesday in moscow against manchester united .
the czech team will play two friendly matches against its lithuanian and scottish counterparts this may 27 and 30 before it moves to its closed camp in seefeld ( austria ) on june 2 , in preparation for the start of its campaign in the first round of the first group against the switzerland host on the opening day in basel .
then it will also face portugal on june 11 in geneva , and turkey after four days in geneva .
among all the problems and challenges of africa , continuous poverty tops the list without competition .
africa is considered the poorest and most marginalized continent in the international trade system .
the truth is that poverty increases the possibility of the eruption of conflicts , the continent 's fragility and weakness in the face of terrorism , the pressure of illegal immigration , and the spread of diseases .
in addition to that , it represents a drain on international aid .
thus , humanitarian problems come to the surface and impost themselves while drawing american policy on africa .
accordingly , africa 's problems can not be solved with an attitude of pity and charity , nor can they be solved through relief aid and emergency aid following the end of conflicts .
the increasing importance of africa requires a more focused long term program and more emphasis in the direction of economic aid and trade reform .
this came in an article by princeton leman , former american ambassador to nigeria and south africa , and patricia wolf from the american council for foreign relationships in the los angeles times newspaper .
this shows the increased importance of africa in recent years , not only to the united states of america . the continent has become a ground for strong and active international competition over its rich natural resources .
many countries like china , india , south korea , brazil , and other countries are racing to get africa 's oil , minerals , and natural resources .
africa still has the largest number of under developed countries in the world . its suffering from armed clashes and non-humanitarian conditions of refugees and immigrants continues .
president hosni mubarak 's speech on labor day did not only include news of the biggest wage increase in the history of egypt 's but it also informed us of meanings and indications that some have tried to deny for many years .
with his speech , the president challenged the state and society to a real test in facing the world crisis whose consequences have long affected our local reality .
his decision was an expression of his knowledgeable vision of the great suffering of those with the lowest incomes in society .
the challenge facing the government was arranging the necessary sums to fund this increase in wages without the egyptian economy having to bear consequences which could impede its growth and limit the renaissance which began a few years ago .
society faced other challenges this week as a result of these increases which affect wages , some goods , services and taxes .
the truth is that egypt has succeeded in this test , in all its categories involved with the nation 's concerns and the interests of its citizens .
president mubarak 's speech on labor day drew up the main features of what egypt has to do to tackle the world food crisis , the essence of which is unity and solidarity to ease the suffering of the impoverished .
the government 's move was to obtain the necessary funding is in accordance with these meanings put forward by the president through procedures for which the better off bear some of the brunt .
these procedures did not cause rage or anger among those who bear the brunt of the increases through new taxes on some goods and services , in fact some of them were ready to take on more responsibility .
in an effort to reduce the burden on the greater cairo governorate after its population reached 25 % of egypt 's population , the decision was made to introduce two new governorates , a decision that was not hasty as it was preceded by elaborate studies in which numerous parties inside and outside egypt participated .
the new halwan governor , dr. hazim al-quwaidi , is one of the main participants in a study of the new amendments on the borders of the governorates , by virtue of his previous work as the head of the urban planning commission . he stressed that the vast construction creeping towards greater cairo is what required the new amendment , clarifying that the citizens will encounter no problems from the new amendment . the following dialogue took place with him :
* were there prior studies and planning that preceded the amendment of the administrative borders of some governorates , which led to the introduction of the governorates of october 6 and halwan * ?
* consideration of the establishment of two new governorates did not come suddenly or by chance , but rather it was preceded by long , intensive research in which i participated , mainly because of my previous work as the head of the urban planning commission . it was followed by commissioning by president mubarak and prime minister dr. ahmed nazif to create an administrative organization that is different from the existing one , that will produce a real balance of the governorates of cairo and al-jizah ....
this work , which utilized studies and research conducted over the past 25 years , ended up putting forward several alternatives to choose the most appropriate . the decision to establish the two new governorates was considered the best and most effective .
washington - news agencies
a report issued by the american senate yesterday warned that the al-qaeda organization and other extreme groups have increase their use of the internet in major way in the last years in order to attract and train recruits from all over the world .
joseph lieberman , the chairman of the domestic security committee in the senate , said ,
" the terrorists , who some say live in caves , have today developed their communication abilities , which have come to be equal with most members of developed generations . "
the report , entitled " violent islamic extremism : the internet and the threat of terrorism from within , " concluded that these groups manage production and distribution centers for anti-american digital messages . they send these to thousands of internet websites all over the world .
the report asserted that extreme groups resorted to using the internet nearly ten years ago . thus , today , they have a network of many experts in the use of the internet and send their reports through it . it also stressed the necessity of the united states working quickly to face this serious development in the war on terrorism .
the report cited american defense secretary robert gates , who said last november , " it is very embarrassing that al-qaeda is better than the united states at delivering its message through the internet . "
this comes at a time when the american prosecution in 49 states had announced that it will adopt strict measures to stop the use of the website , facebook , as a means of child sexual harassment .
lebanon has never needed its arab sisters as much as they need lebanon today , and it goes without saying that lebanon is an arab country and losing any arab country weakens the power of all arabs .
yesterday iraq was lost , and before it palestine , and today lebanon is being lost , so who will push lebanon to the edge ... ?
to be frank , the question is even greater , without beating about the bush : exactly in whose interests is what hezbollah is doing in lebanon ?
it does not take much effort to find the answer : hezbollah is the spearhead for implementing iran 's agenda in the region , and talk of this iranian agenda is nothing new because iran 's covetousness for the arab region goes back in history and did not appear yesterday or today .
and so we have to ask : what pretexts did hezbollah to support this herculean uprising and carry out this attack on west beirut ? who is the winner and who is the loser in what has happened over the past two days ?
the loser is evidently the simple lebanese citizens , forced to leave their places of work and their homes by missiles and artillery and rpgs , to flee to save his life ... so is this jihad ?
at hezbollah , they talk about silka , the communications network run by the party and which covers various parts of beirut .
so why can 't the central government impose its authority over this network ? is this not the simplest of any central government 's rights in any country in the world ?
minister of higher education and state minister for scientific research dr. hani hilal agreed with european commissioner for higher education , training and culture mr. jan figel , and with representatives of european institutions for the guarantee of quality in education , to develop procedures to ensure quality and improve academic programs and the institutions of higher education in egypt , exchange experience , discuss the latest developments of quality improvement in the european union , and enrich dialogue between academics and students from the union and the 27 countries that participate in the tempus program - the european union - including egypt .
dr. hilal declared after the end of the meetings between the european union and the egyptian universities , which was held at the university of ain shams , that the number of european union projects includes 52 research projects , 12 structural projects , and 173 short-term grants for travel and development of study programs to meet the demands of the market in the sectors of medicine , engineering , political science , veterinary medicine , agriculture , and joint scientific degrees , with emphasis on student-focused education , organizational development , leadership training , stressing information and transparency , self-assessment processes , and scientific review .
mr. jan figel confirmed that the european union program , which was launched in 1998 , supports cooperation between the higher education institutions in the union and their counterparts in the countries surrounding the european union , clarifying that the projects of this program provide various mechanisms , among them the establishment of new programs and departments that make joint scientific degrees between egypt and the various countries of the union obtainable , in addition to development of the higher education systems , quality , and an increase in employment opportunities through adaptation of the education and training systems to meet the needs of the labor market .
the shiite hezbollah and amal movement 's militia invaded the capital beirut ,
and armed men of both movements flowed to western beirut ,
and controlled it following limited confrontations with young men from the future group , led by saad al-hariri .
hezbollah and amal movement 's armed men conducted an armed demonstration in western beirut ,
and were joined by young men from other groups that are intellectually and politically close to the line of hezbollah .
armed men from the party and movement and their supporters burned the old headquarters of future tv and future newspaper .
the government dealt with this situation very wisely ,
as it entrusted the army to deal with the exploding situation .
leader of the future group , saad al-hariri , took the initiative to draft a government 's decision to dismantle the party 's communication network under the [ supervision ] of the lebanese army .
it was clear that the lebanese government strongly sought to end the confrontation and avoid an armed conflict .
in return , hezbollah strongly headed towards ending the situation militarily ,
as hassan nasrallah announced in his speech that whoever confronts the weapon of hezbollah will have their hands cut off .
he continued the escalation process as he requested the government to cancel the decisions it has taken ,
then he asked the government to resign .
what happened in lebanon is an armed coup by hezbollah and amal movement against lebanese legitimacy ,
and an initiative to solve political disagreements militarily .
it is clear that the party has decided to escalate confrontation for several considerations ,
and made lebanon captive to complicated regional and international accounts ,
and it knows that there is no movement , group , or authority in lebanon that can face hezbollah and amal movement 's militia .
dr abdul ahad jamal al-dine , the leader of the majority , stressed that what is happening within the national democratic party is the true practice of democracy in looking into any issue raised by the party .
it is natural that there should be differences of opinion and judgment between party members but in the end , we have to abide by the majority view , and this is what distinguishes how the party operates compared to any other group .
this is what happens everywhere in the world , east and west , and my duty as the representative of the national party 's parliamentary committee is to invite all my brothers at the council who belong to the national party to commit to the decisions made during their meetings .
and if this is the case , them naturally i will be the first to commit .
on the matter of random price increases by some providers of transport services or goods , dr abdul ahad jamal al-dine said " we must help the government to take the necessary strict measures against anyone who tries to exploit the circumstances to raise the price of the services they offer in an exploitative or greedy way . "
he added that he has full confidence in the noble , loyal egyptian people who own taxis and trade vehicles to agree to and commit to fighting greed and exploitation .
as for factory owners and the heads of universities and schools , they must to do their part to help ease the burden on citizens in terms of the cost of the services they provide or the goods they produce .
lebanese leader of the government fuad siniora asserted yesterday that hezbollah and its supporters conducted a military coup against lebanese democracy .
he added in a speech addressed to the lebanese people that the lebanese government is no longer able to accept that hezbollah keeps its weapons after using them inside lebanon , demanding that the army assume its responsibilities in restraining the armed men and immediately remove them from the streets and end the sit-in in central beirut .
siniora also put forward a transitional initiative for a solution that begins with assigning to the army command the disputed decisions that hezbollah considered harmful to its security . these include hezbollah 's communication network , airport security , and the dismissal of the airport security commander .
this formula requires the election of a compromise president of the republic , provided that in his first term the government be a national unity government in which the majority does not have the ability to impose decisions and the minority does not have the ability to block them .
an election law will be enacted as well , provided that the district is the election unit , that the districting formula is debated by parliament , and that all commit to an honorable agreement to calm the media .
siniora refused any thought of resigning under the pressure of this crisis , even if hezbollah went further in a violent direction than it already has , according to him .
immediately after the end of siniora 's speech - and in what was described as in response to the demands of the opposition - the lebanese army command announced it would be keeping chief of airport security ali wafiq shqair in his position , after the two disputed decisions between hezbollah and the government became its responsibility .
the chairman of the political department at the palestinian liberation organization , farouk al-kaddoumi ( abu al-lutf , ) said that the period of the fifties witnessed revolutionary signs that led to arab solidarity and the exit of the british occupation from the middle east region , bit by bit .
he added that the national struggle , from yemen to algeria , syria , and egypt , at that time adhered to an arab struggle ,
and provided the palestinian revolution with a lot of support .
he added that the late abu ammar supervised the launch of the palestinian revolution 's first bullet and was unbelievably dynamic and tactical . being unmarried helped him in this and eased his frequent movements .
al-kaddoumi did not forget to mention that he lived in yafa with the jews ,
and that he was not a racist , as opposed to israel , the racial state .
in his response to the questions of commentators following his concluding statement at the al-tamimi establishment for scientific research and information on the start of " fatah " movement , he said that he is a graduate of the american university ,
that he , like others , regards america as the state of democracy , and that he is not an enemy of america ,
but of the policies that it assumes , regarding the palestinian issue .
he noted that clinton presented a good peace project and that he will soon celebrate the end of president bush 's term .
al-kaddoumi denied that , at its beginning , the " fatah " movement was formed of muslim brothers ,
and added that it included all intellectual products : marxism , [ muslim ] borthers , and liberalist .
he noted , however , that abu iyad was from the muslim brotherhood when the " fatah " movement was established , but he left it . the same was true for abu jihad and abu maher .
industrial production registered a 9.4 % increase in the first three months of this year compared to the same period last year , with the production index reaching 8.128 according to the initial results of industrial production index issued by the national survey institute .
on the basis of sector analysis of factory industries , the mechanics and electronics sector registered the highest rates of increase in industrial production in the first three months of this year , reaching nearly 3.14 % and bringing the production index to 2.231 points versus 2.202 points for the same period last year .
in this context , it is worth pointing out that the increase in the industrial index for the mechanics and electronics industry is a result of greater exports by this sector during the same period in the year given that export increases are taken into account in the industrial index .
in parallel , the chemicals industry registered growth in the first quarter of the year of 7.10 % to reach 1.112 points compared to the same period last year where the industrial production average for this sector was 101 points .
the food industries sector also registered growth in industrial production from the start of the year until the end of march , reaching 4.6 % compared to the same period last year to reach 8.132 points .
as for the textile , clothing and leather industry , its rate of industrial production in the first three months was 4.2 % , taking the production index to 1.109 points .
under armed confrontations and dangerous security tensions in lebanon ... and stumbling negotiations between the palestinian and israeli sides , and continuous military escalation by the occupation forces in gaza , and judicial pursuit of the israeli prime minister for accusations of corruption ... comes the visit of the american president to the area , to attend the celebration of the usurpation of palestine ... and the declaration of the state of israel 's establishment .
almost a few months before the end of his second and final term , president bush still believes in the possibility of achieving a permanent , peaceful solution between the palestinians and the israelis , which is one of the important tasks put forward for discussion during this visit to the region .
with the countdown to the end of his term , considerable doubts hover about the usefulness of this visit and the opportunities available for acquiring a real , sustainable peace agreement between the israeli and palestinian parties .
the american policy that is completely biased towards israel proved its failure in moving the peaceful path of negotiations ; indeed , it contributed to deepening tension in the region , beginning with the courses of events in iraq , passing through the sharp lebanese crisis and arriving at the deadly economic siege of the inhabitants of gaza ,
a matter that inflicted grave damage on the image of the united states of america in international public opinion and proved the prompt failure of american foreign policy .
the huge disappointment expressed by the palestinian party on more than one occasion towards the american double-standard policy reflects the position of the palestinians towards this visit , which they do not place much stock in . rather they say that it does not exceed its protocol framework of congratulating israel 's sixtieth year in the heart of the arab world ....
hence , it is an insult added to the disaster , and a congratulation for the usurpation of a country and the displacement of a people .
the case of the security and political crisis between the government and al-sadr current went back to the council of representatives , through the adoption of a new initiative , which was presented by president jalal talbani , while both sides took contrasting positions .
the government insists on implementing law enforcement measures in shiite areas , and al-sadr current insists on its position that opposes its disarmament and submission to governmental authority .
meanwhile , the " accord " front is looking forward to a decisive meeting between prime minister nouri al-maliki and vice president tariq al-hashemi to discuss the return of its ministers to the government .
meanwhile , the " islamic party " attacked the national dialogue council ( a part of the " accord " front ) , and considered that its recent positions aim to weaken the front .
yesterday , the council of representatives ' security and defense committee discussed talbani 's project to solve the escalating crisis between al-sadr [ current ] and the government , which focused on five aspects ,
the most prominent of these are " a commitment to a statement that was issued by the political council for national security last month , and elimination of armed incidents in baghdad and unstable governorates in a limited time period . "
representative abbas al-bayati told " al-hayat " that , " the committee discussed talbani 's project and made some amendments to it . " he noted that , " the project will be referred to the council of representatives ' leadership to vote on it and make it a binding law . "
he asserted that all parliamentary blocs " supported the project except al-sadr bloc . "
the recent period witnessed extensive efforts to solve the crisis peacefully , through asking for the mediation of iran , but all of them failed .
al-sadr refused to disarm " al-mahdi army , " and the case went back to the council of representatives .
falah shenshel , a leader in al-sadr bloc , accused the government of hindering efforts to end the crisis peacefully .
he told " al-hayat " that , " the government is not serious about solving the crisis , and works on ignoring parliamentary initiatives . " he indicated that " political parties ( which he did not name ) [ oppose ] reaching a peaceful solution . "
there was anger and disappointment amongst the egyptian people following the approval of the people 's assembly the day before yesterday of sharp increases in the price of fuel and cigarettes and car licenses put forward by the ruling national democratic party .
gas and solar stations in cairo and other regions saw serious confusion yesterday for the second day .
car owners said that they were really suffering from the crisis since news of an increase in petrol and solar prices was announced on monday , while taxi drivers in various governorates announced a protest and strikes until taxi rates are increased in line with the increase in the price of solar which they use to run their cars .
passengers also complained and staged a sit-in at taxi ranks to voice their rejection of their interests being affected .
there was an increased presence of security forces in petrol stations and taxi ranks to prevent any clashes or fights .
in a sign indicating a repetition of the bread crisis , government supported bakeries threatened to strike in protest against the increased price of gas from 75 piastres to 110 piastres , an increase of around 40 % on previous prices .
a number of bakery owners visited the heads of supplies in their governorate to hand over their petitions .
al-hayat has learnt that the minister for social cohesion doctor ali al-maslahee is to hold a meeting in the coming hours with senior aides to discuss the bakery issue .
opposition deputies at the people 's council said that the poor would bear the brunt of increases in the price of fuel and cigarettes and car licenses , and warned against the possibility of social unrest .
the movement for democratic change opposition party in zimbabwe stressed , four weeks after the parliamentary elections , that the opposition won an " historic " victory over the party of president robert mugabe , whose falling behind in the number of parliamentary seats was not changed by the new partial count of votes , which included 23 electoral districts , as proclaimed by the election committee that refused to specify the date for announcing the results of the presidential election .
the ruling national african union of zimbabwe - national front party regained only five seats in the new count ,
but the opposition surpassed it in 18 districts , which does not allow a change of the final results at the beginning of this month , and determined the victory of the opposition by 109 seats in parliament versus 97 seats for the ruling party .
it is expected that this will lead to withholding the results of the presidential elections while the leader of the opposition , morgan tsvangirai , confirms his win over mugabe , who has ruled the country since 1987 .
tense climates prevail anew in zimbabwe following the detention by police of more than 200 opposition members after breaking into the headquarters of the " change movement " in harare the day before yesterday , which strengthens fears of bloodshed in a country that is suffering economic collapse .
authorities confirmed that they will interrogate the detainees , who are " suspected of involvement in terrorist acts , " while the opposition described this as " systematic harassment " and talked about more than 15 killed in a " massacre " that the mugabe government committed against civilians " because the smell of gunpowder encircles villages and people are falling down like flies and being buried in villages . "
the kingdom of saudi arabia called for all " brothers in lebanon , from all political blocs , to listen to the voice of wisdom and the language of reason , and to put the interests of lebanon above all considerations . "
" the kingdom is following the sad escalation on the lebanese front these days with extreme concern and dissatisfaction . it calls upon the blocs , which have acted upon the escalation to reconsider and to realize that pushing lebanon into blind division will not achieve a victory to any party , except the powers of foreign extremism that have delayed every sincere and honest effort to end the political crisis in lebanon and to achieve reconciliation among its people . they have delayed and are still delaying the arab league initiative in this regard , " said a statement of the saudi news agency in beirut , published yesterday .
the kingdom asserted in the statement that , " it continues to work , with all its capabilities , to regain security , safety , and unity for lebanon and will not spare any effort to help it and stand by it in defending its legitimacy , the independence of its political decisions , and its national unity " .
for its part , the general secretariat of the arabian gulf cooperation council called for " all lebanese forces to put lebanese national interests before any other considerations and to exert sincere efforts to get out of this emergency crisis , in order to reach a joint foundation to achieve reconciliation in regard to all issues that are a source of division and occupy the lebanese street . "
in a statement distributed yesterday , secretary general abd al-rahman al-attiya , of the council , expressed his concern at the development of the sad events in lebanon .
lebanon began its slide into the unknown with intensified fighting in the streets of beirut where the blockade has started to bite , coinciding with supporters of the future bloc cutting off international roads in the bekka region which links it to damascus and along the coast which links the southern suburbs with the south , in protest against roads to the capital being cut off and disrupted air travel in the rafiq al-hariri airport .
meanwhile , there is no communication between the majority and the opposition , and the way is open to the crisis going towards an impasse ... no-one can divine what the situation in the country will result in as red lines collapse in every direction .
clashes in the streets of beirut expanded yesterday afternoon following a press conference by the secretary-general of hezbollah , hassan nasrullah , in which he made ending the current situation conditional on the government reversing its decisions which constitute " an open war against us and we will defend ourselves . "
the head of the future bloc , deputy saad al-hariri , responded to him and proposed a three-item solution : putting the government 's decision in the hands of the army , electing its leader general michel suleiman as president immediately , and holding a national discussion led by him .
the clashes included areas in the center of the city such as saqiat al-genzir , al-zaidania , dar al-futuwa , karku al-druze - al-dhanawi with shooting on the mazraa corniche .
the most severe fighting was in ras al-nabi where hezbollah and amal gunmen attacked the offices of the social development association affiliated to the future bloc in mohammed al-hout street and occupied the association 's main offices .
the army succeeded in getting out 43 future bloc young members who were in the salimeen center .
yesterday the forces of the " justice and equality movement " attacked various areas in the governorate of north kurdufan before the army confronted them in the governorates of jabra al-sheikh and sudri , at a time when widespread rumors circulated about hundreds of darfur insurgent vehicles heading towards khartoum where a considerable deployment of security forces were stationed around major crossing points and sensitive facilities .
the governor of the north kurdufan region , faisal hasan ibrahim , told al-hayat that conditions are back to normal in the areas that were attacked by the " justice and equality movement , " clarifying that a complete review of the movement of trucks in the governorate has been carried out .
sudri governor abdelwahid yousif said that governmental forces confronted the insurgents ' attack with planes yesterday afternoon in a desert area east of sudri .
the battles of north kurdufan came at a time when the sudanese authorities deployed armored vehicles and strengthened security measures in khartoum and the army conducted after-hours search and break-in campaigns , accusing the darfur insurgents yesterday morning of preparing to infiltrate the capital and some other cities to carry out subversive acts , confirming that groups of them have entered the country via the border with chad to carry out this scheme .
since thursday afternoon , widespread rumors circulated that the darfur insurgents moved aboard hundreds of vehicles on their way to khartoum where they were expected to arrive within hours .
these rumors were reinforced by unusual military movements in the capital as military patrols and armed vehicles were deployed in front of the entrances to the three khartoum cities and the bridges that connect them , and vehicles crossing the bridges at night were searched .
the russian legislative authority supported with a crushing majority the nomination of former president vladimir putin as prime minister ,
and the latter vowed to place fighting poverty , improving living and economic conditions , and continuing to enforce russia 's military capacities on top of his governmental priorities .
meanwhile , new russian president demetri medvedev started his term yesterday by sending a " friendship letter " to israel , while washington announced that russian authorities have expelled two american military attachés in moscow , which appears to be an escalation of the conflict between the two sides .
twenty four hours after receiving his official duties , medvedev appeared with his predecessor in the duma council ( the parliament ) , where he spoke to legislators and called upon them to support putin 's nomination to head the government " because this guarantees the continuation of russia 's current policy and allows the resumption of work on the nation 's renaissance . "
he said , " we know the amount of work vladimir putin did to strengthen russia and enforce its security . "
it seemed that the legislative authority did not need the encouragement phrases of the new president to support putin , who leads the " united russia " party , which controls two thirds of parliamentary seats . in addition , he has the support of the " liberal democratic " and " just russia " parties , which placed communists on the side of opposition .
voting results confirmed the size of support for putin , as 392 out of 450 parliament members granted him confidence . only the communist bloc ( 56 members ) opposed his nomination . this was the first clear [ distinction ] of power scales inside the legislative authority , which will support all policies and plans of the new prime minister and without reservation .
the iraqi government has announced the start of the " zair al-assad fi sawlet al-haq " military campaign in the governorate of nineveh against the al-qaeda organization just a few hours after announcing an agreement with moqtada al-sadr to calm the situation in baghdad and stipulating the end of armed demonstrations and the absolute right of iraqi forces carry out raids and arrest persons against whom a warrant has been issued , without broaching the issue of dissolving the al-mahdi army affiliated to the movement .
official sources said that prime minister nuri al-maliki went to mosul yesterday accompanied by the vice-president tariq al-hashimi and the ministers of defense and the interior jawad al-bolani and abdul kadir jassim al-alubaidi to initiate a " long-awaited wide scale military operation to drive out al-qaeda gunmen . "
the commander of operations in the governorate of nineveh major general riyadh jalal tawfiq announced the start of the military operation in the governorate to drive out al-qaeda after large numbers of military forces arrived in nineveh from baghdad .
military sources told al-hayat that " the military campaign effectively began with the announcement of a curfew in a number of areas in mosul and the closure of some roads leading into it in preparation for carrying out the " zair al-assad fi sawlet al-haq " campaign and arrests covering all areas of the city " which officials say is where al-qaeda 's leaders are to be found .
it is expected that the campaign will continue for a long time until its goals are achieved .
the governor of mosul duraid kashmoula told al-hayat yesterday that tribal chiefs asked the government to arm them in order to take part in the operation and defend their regions , describing mosul as " now under the control of al-qaeda forces as a result of the delay in carrying out the military operation in the city . "
the destiny of lebanon is pending on a waiting list , exacerbated by the political stalemate that is taking dangerous dimensions because of the absence of serous communication between the majority and the minority to search for a way out and return the situation to normal .
the " opposition 's military domination of beirut , " resulting from the extension of the opposition forces in its streets , is an omen of its movement to other places on the mountain , especially in the chouf district , without reducing fears for the security situation in tripoli , in the event of a delay on the part of the lebanese factions to bring about the appropriate political climate that will open a gap in the thick wall of the crisis , leading to crystallizing views that point towards the basis of a settlement , which is still unattainable .
information circulated yesterday evening about clashes between hezbollah and the progressive socialist party in the area of ras al-jabal in aley that resulted in deaths and injuries .
it was reported at night that a man and his wife were killed by random fire in front of al-zaatari mosque in sidon , and their son was also struck and his condition is critical .
the security situation and its lapses remain predominant in beirut despite the retreat of the wave of violence and the decline in incidents .
the only remainder is sporadic fire in a number of the capital city 's streets after lebanese army units were able to set up a security cordon around the government house and the villa of the late president rafiq al-hariri in qraitem , in which resides his son , the head of the parliamentary future movement block sa 'ad al-hariri , and the house of the head of the " democratic parliamentary gathering , " walid jumblatt , in climansou , which he did not leave voluntarily .
the report , which the international communication union is scheduled to announce in the opening ceremony of the " telecom africa 2008 " communications and information technology conference and exhibition today , indicated that the growth of cellular communications in africa was against all expectations .
the continent remains the area with the highest annual growth rate in the number of cell phone subscribers .
at least 65 million new subscribers were added in 2007 .
the report , of which " al-hayat " obtained a copy , includes a comprehensive review of the main development in the sector .
it also includes a number of recommendations aiming to support access to information technology and communications in the region .
it indicated that the rate of broadband ( high speed internet ) penetration is considered low across the black continent , as subscribers to fixed broadband in africa in 2007 reached nearly two million , which is less than one quarter of the residents of lagos city , the former capital of nigeria .
it indicated that only five african nations had access to broadband in 2007 , a rate of over one person per one hundred in the population . by comparison to this rate , the average broadband penetration in countries of the organization for economic cooperation and development was 18.8 percent in june 2007 .
it indicated that mexico had the lowest level with a penetration rate of 4.6 percent . this percentage exceeds the average rate in africa by nearly 38 times ,
and access to broadband is almost limited to urban areas .
the decreased level of broadband availability , weakness of [ switchboard ] public phone networks , and lack of competition are among reasons preventing the spread of fixed broadband access .
israel anticipated the arrival of the egyptian intelligence chief major general omar suleiman there today to explore the egyptian proposal for calming the situation in the gaza strip with a threat to hamas , saying that it would enforce this in the gaza strip if the movement itself does not do so , and said that it sees the latter as responsible for everything that is taking place in the gaza strip .
at the same time , the security forces continue to express reservations about the egyptian proposal .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said in his weekly interview with the media at the start of his government 's weekly session yesterday that " the government of israel sees hamas as the responsible party for all the terrorist activities in the gaza strip . "
he added , following the killing of an israeli in the kafar aza settlement close to the gaza strip last friday after a mortar shell fell there , that israel does not intend to look into the identity of organizations which launch missiles ,
because the side that effectively controls the gaza strip is hamas and it is responsible for what happens there and it will be " made to bear the consequences and take full responsibility for this activity . "
he went on to say that israel does not intend to give into the situation and threatened that " there are two options : either there is a calming of the situation or the israeli government will take the necessary steps to enforce a calming of the situation . "
he pointed out that such a task would not be achieved in a day or a week , and that " we have never said this and we cannot promise this , but i can say that peace will prevail or the state of israel will move with force to achieve a peaceful situation . "
the longer the unsafe american mortgage crisis bubble continues ,
the more the amount of direct and indirect losses grows in financial institutions and in the banking sector . publicized reports have disclosed hidden financial disasters .
if countries were doubtful about the assessment of the international monetary fund , which capped the losses at approximately one trillion dollars , the reality reveals that , day by day , the real losses may be exceeding this number .
however , in addition to these losses , the need of faltering institutions for partners to rescue them has emerged , which are unavailable except for the very wealthy , or for sovereign wealth funds that are supervised by the governments that created them .
but sovereign wealth funds , which have assets in institutions belonging to the united states and european union countries , have sparked widespread criticism from political officials and economic observers concerned about the impact of the background of these funds on the national security of the countries , or the threat to the essence of creative activity in institutions related to their acquisition and participation .
faltering institutions are providing broad stimuli for international investments , whether in sovereign wealth funds , ordinary , or hedge investment funds .
they lower the value of shares they have put up for sale , often to levels almost equivalent to a fraction of the proportion of their real or recovering value in the market .
the devaluation comes either as a result of losses that are dissuading investors from staying with their investments , or by the decision to make room for new investors to acquire more institutional capital .
the fifth round of fighting erupted yesterday between governmental forces and insurgents from the followers of abded al-malik al-houthi in the governorate of saada ( in the northwest of yemen ) .
there were repeated fierce clashes between the two sides in more than one [ area ] , which spread to the area of harf sufian in the neighboring omran governorate .
meanwhile , a yemeni court specializing in terrorism cases sentenced four ( houthis ) to death for charges of killing two military men .
the qatari mediation delegation is preparing to pack and leave yemen after mediation between the authority and al-houthi 's followers failed .
" al-hayat " learned from [ similar ] sources that the delegation informed both sides that it reached a dead end once again after it received a list of site names , where governmental troops were located , from al-houthi 's representatives in the presidential committee , and called for their evacuation ,
which was completely rejected by the governmental side .
the warning period given by the governmental leadership to the " houthis , " to stop attacking army locations and to complete the implementation of the doha agreement , ended yesterday .
meanwhile , the " houthis " stated that they were fighting the war in self defense .
for the first time since the conflict erupted four years ago , units from the presidential guard , led by the yemeni president 's son , general ahmed ali abdullah saleh , are participating in the fight .
the sources confirmed that violent fighting took place near the dahian area , and insurgents took hold of important military sites and their ammunition .
they said that army combat helicopters bombarded " houthi " strongholds in matara , azzan mountain , and al-naqaa ,
where they use heavy arms such as howitzer cannons , medium machine guns , and anti-armor missiles .
they noted that tens of injured members of governmental forces were taken to hospitals in sanaa and al-hadida .
jordanian public figures and parties expressed their solidarity with hezbollah through a solidarity message sent to the party 's secretary-general hassan nasrullah , former president emil lahoud and the leader of the free nationalist movement , deputy michel aoun .
the muslim brotherhood announced its support for hezbollah but rejected any side controlling lebanon .
the public figures who signed the message , consisting of 63 ministers , former deputies , trade unionists , party leaders , writers , journalists and feminists , considered that the resistance in lebanon " has a historic role and is the foundation of and leadership of united resistance in the arab world . "
the signatories said that " arab hopes and unity are now built through resistance to occupation in lebanon , palestine , iraq and all arab land . "
they added that " the fate of the arab nation and its future will all be decided now in confrontations between resistance forces and occupation forces . "
they rejected " categorizing the battle now taking place in lebanon on religious , sectarian or regional grounds because they actually concern how the arab state and the arab nation will be formed .
will they be formed in accordance with the wishes and interests of the arab nation or according to the wishes and interests of the enemies of the arab nation ?
they said in the letter that " armed resistance is the strategic weapon in the hands of the arab nation in facing up to american-zionist piracy and hegemony against the arab nation . "
those expressing their solidarity gave nasrullah the title of " the leader chosen by the arab people to lead their resistance " .
sheikh sa 'ad al-abdullah al-sabah passed away in kuwait yesterday evening at 78 years old . he served as the emir for a few days in january ( january ) 2006 , before the umma council ( parliament ) decided to relieve him from this position , out of consideration for his health condition .
afterwards , the council voted unanimously for the position to be assumed by the present emir , sheikh sabah al-ahmad , while sheikh sa 'ad officially won the capacity of " the emir father . "
an official statement announced yesterday that the funeral procession of sheikh sa 'ad will take place at 9 : 30 this morning .
the death announcement came 72 hours before the date of general elections in kuwait , yet it is unlikely that the mourning of sheikh sa 'ad will lead to postponement of the election date .
sheikh sa 'ad is the oldest son of the former emir of kuwait sheikh abdullah al-salem ( 1950-1965 ) , the establisher of the constitution and founder of modern kuwait .
he served as both minister of the interior and of defense between 1965 and 1978 , then became the crown prince and prime minister until the year 2006 .
during his leadership of the government , kuwait witnessed grave events , the most important of which is the iraqi invasion of kuwait in 1990 , during which sheikh sa 'ad moved to taif in saudi arabia and steered his government from there .
kuwaitis commend sheikh sa 'ad on his firm stance during this ordeal .
in 1997 , sheikh sa 'ad was afflicted with a colon hemorrhage , which required moving him abroad for treatment .
this illness had repercussions that required his absence from kuwait for long periods and his delegated many of his authorities to his deputy sheikh sabah al-ahmad , who was the actual prime minister until the beginning of 2006 , when the former emir sheikh jaber al-ahmed passed away .
chairman of the " future " parliamentary bloc , saad al-hariri , stated that what lebanese areas witnessed in the last days is " a war [ stemming from ] a regional decision to [ hand over the making of lebanese decisions ] to syria and iran . " he stressed that , " this is [ absolutely impossible ] . "
" they will not get the signature of saad al-hariri and walid jumblatt on a deed to surrender to the iranian and syrian regimes . " he demanded that " the first article on the dialogue table should be the security of beirut and the areas , which were subjected to aggression . "
in a press conference he held in qoraytem yesterday , al-hariri attacked " hezbollah " noting that its weapons " have deviated from their aim . "
he called for " ending the division that occurred , through making some compromises and giving up some victories by every party . "
al-hariri started his speech by welcoming reporters " to the house of martyr rafiq al-hariri , who has been assassinated once again . "
rafiq al-hariri 's organizations , which were subjected to aggression , destruction , burning , and [ suspension ] ,
of health centers bearing the name of rafiq al-hariri ,
of educational centers , which uphold the name of rafiq al-hariri ,
and health units , cultural and social clubs , the future newspaper , radio , television and archives , and everything related to the soul of rafiq al-hariri .
welcome to beirut ,
oppressed beirut ,
patient beirut , which is loved by all of us ,
beirut , the dignity of all of us ,
beirut , all our history ,
beirut , our future ,
beirut , the spirit of lebanon and the spirit of freedom , which was subjected to armed invasion .
and by who ?
by relatives , god .
welcome to beirut , from the districts that were besieged ,
from the streets that were invaded by chaos ,
from the buildings they burned ,
and from houses surrounded by grief for martyrs and victims .
in limbo in hotels and airports , in front of television screens or the internet , they await news of an opening up or a secure way to take them back to lebanon .
this is the state of the lebanese in qatar and while lebanon 's young are renowned for wanting to leave the country in search of better work and a better life abroad ,
the recent clashes in beirut and the regions reflect another reality , desperate efforts to return in spite of everything that is happening .
doha 's hotels are filled with " unwilling refugees " , some of them in transit from asian countries and others who headed for the capital of qatar on business .
suitcases ready and many trips to the airport , coming and going , in case a plane takes of suddenly .
alla burghul , nazar allou and ibrahim barshali are three lebanese traders who came back from a short visit to china ... they chose to make their way back to beirut via damascus airport after they stayed longer than the specified time in quonzu .
they went to the regional airport three times until they managed to get a flight to syria .
burghul seemed more accustomed to this experience than his two colleagues ,
because this businessman has seen four similar crises , the first in 1996 , when the grapes of wrath operation took place and he found himself stuck in hong kong .
the second time was in 2000 when the airport was closed and he found himself stuck in dubai , a matter which was repeated when he was in montreal in 2006 with the start of the july war .
his first experience of this began with the israeli incursion into beirut in 1982 when he crossed syria to be detained in harmal
egyptian authorities closed the rafah border crossing yesterday after three days of temporary operation , as palestinian sources indicated that the crossing is expected to reopen next sunday or monday .
about 1,433 trapped persons crossed the crossing during the last three days , with coordination between the egyptian authorities and the palestinian side . of those crossing , 938 from the gaza strip were sick , trapped , foreign residents , and humanitarian cases , and 495 headed into the gaza strip who had been trapped on the egyptian side .
egyptian sources said that the rafah crossing was expected to reopen in parallel with the palestinian crossing at the beginning of next week to complete the passage of the remaining trapped people from the two sides , but did not specify the day . however , palestinian sources confirmed that the crossing would be opened on sunday or monday .
in a statement to al-hayat , deputy chief of the " hamas " movement 's political bureau musa abu marzouq drew attention to the " significance " of opening the rafah crossing , clarifying that the easement was basically accepted in order to operate the crossing , lifting the suffering of the inhabitants of gaza and making things easier for them , stressing that the easement has no meaning at all if is not matched directly by operation of the rafah crossing .
egyptian authorities opened the crossing last saturday and hundreds of sick and wounded palestinians crossed into egypt to receive treatment , and the egyptians who had been trapped in the strip since last january ( january ) returned .
egyptian authorities supervised the crossing matter alone , without the presence of the european observers or the presidential guard , but they coordinated with the palestinian authority before making the decision that came as a result of egyptian contacts with " hamas . "
the kingdom of saudi arabia , kuwait , and the united arab emirates started to evacuate their citizens from lebanon , as did the european countries , while other countries advised their citizens against travel to lebanon .
the saudi " asharq al-awsat " newspaper quoted the saudi ambassador in beirut , abdul aziz khoja , as saying " the saudi embassy was able yesterday ( thursday ) to evacuate over 70 saudis , who arrived in syrian territory by land . "
he reported that the embassy will continue to evacuate more citizens , and said , " we will work today ( yesterday ) also on evacuating more saudis present in the lebanese territories . "
he added that he is in contact with the iranian ambassador to lebanon and said , " the last communication i had with the iranian ambassador was a while ago , and we are doing what we can to calm the situation here . "
in kuwait , the emir of kuwait , sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah , issued instructions to allocate a plane to move his country 's citizens in lebanon through damascus international airport in light of the shutdown of beirut international airport after the deterioration of the security situation in the lebanese capital .
the jordanian newspapers said that the foreign ministry laid out an emergency plan to evacuate the jordanian citizens from lebanon , most of whom are students studying in its universities , and that the jordanian embassy in beirut asked all jordanians in lebanon to register their addresses with it .
sources at the foreign ministry said that the jordanian citizens ' evacuation from lebanon to jordan will take place through the syrian territories by buses if they cannot be transported by air , as royal jordanian cancelled its flights to the lebanese capital as a result of the blocking of the roads leading to the airport .
the pacification efforts and communications , which the army intelligence branch in beqaa led yesterday , and spiritual and party activities in the central beqaa [ led ] to a meeting with the mufti of zahla and beqaa , sheikh khalil al-mais . the meeting included a number of central beqaa municipalities in azhar al-beqaa , which led to opening all roads of central beqaa and the withdrawal of youth groups , which supervised their closure , and putting them under army supervision except for the al-masnaa border point as discussions are still ongoing to open it .
the headquarters of the " future current " in central beqaa , located in the building of the mediterranean bank , and the headquarters of the current 's security company were placed under army protection .
al-mais noted in a phone call with " al-nahar " that during the meeting , he agreed with the municipalities on " achieving security in beqaa , placing its roads under army supervision , facilitating people 's return to their work , and that relationships between citizens should be amicable .
" we do not want to get into this emergency and disturbing work . "
the pacification efforts , which were in a race with the atmosphere of escalation , could not save the life of amina hassan nasif ( 60 years old ) , who died after being shot in the head during an armed clash in the afternoon , between young men from bar elias town , who support the future current , and the zidan shiite family , which resides in the town .
mobile clashes and aggressions since thursday - friday night had injured eight people , who were treated in the " beqaa hospital " in taalabaya .
the night in central beqaa roared with machinegun and " rpg " shell clashes , in an area extending through the top of saad nayel , taalabaya , and galala . the [ clashes lasted ] from midnight until 5 am yesterday morning .
as part of the ideas 2 program funded by the european union and run by the office of the state minister for administrative affairs , emergence organized its third meeting under the heading " drug addict : in conflict with the law or needing treatment ? "
this was held at the government offices and was attended by representatives of civilian groups and private institutions dealing with addiction issues . the national anthem opened the meeting then the coordinator of the ideas program yamna ghuraib made a speech in which she stressed the importance of the meeting .
after this , the head of the operations section with the european union delegation in lebanon yusi narvi spoke .
he mentioned that the drug-related costs now amounted to around 36 billion euros .
and that the union invests over 750 million euro on measures to limit demand and offer of drugs in neighboring and producing countries .
for his part , the state minister for administrative development affairs jan oghasbian said that lebanese law places addicts midpoint between illness and crime whereas what it needed is the creation of care institutions and enough places for treatment and follow-up , and not throwing addicts into ordinary prisons with criminals , thieves and drug dealers , which further reinforces their addiction .
after this , a working session began and judge ziad mecna tackled the issue of addiction law between theory and reality .
he said that drug law 673 issued in ' 98 attempts to deal with drug-takers in a way that is different from others .
but he said that he felt disappointment a decade after the law was issued and said it was necessary to activate the legal provisions of drug law with regard to treating addicts .
information from political sources concerned with recent developments indicated that " hezbollah , " which led the war on beirut and al-jabal , may have declared " victory " too soon in al-jabal for the president of the " democratic assembly " walid junblatt before the end of the meeting of the arab foreign ministers council , while it allowed its allies of all sects a prominent role , i.e. the sunnis through the former prime minister omar karami or the movement of elements of the national syrian socialist party , to give a political dimension to this war rather than a sectarian one .
a delegation to beirut of arab league secretary general amr moussa , sent by the arab ministers council , has been probable since saturday , and was discussed on more than one front , especially since the need became urgent for a mediator of a dialogue that does not exist at all on the local level .
according to these sources , the party will not lift the siege of beirut before the conclusion of a political deal , through which it will demonstrate to its regional allies complete confidence in the victory that cancels all the effects of the cedar revolution of march 14 , 2005 , and then opens the way for the election of the president of the republic , and then the appointment of a new prime minister from outside the parliamentary majority team , in light of the military reality imposed by force , and from outside the team directly loyal to " hezbollah " and the opposition .
in the two positions , i.e. the presidency of the republic and the prime ministry , it is believed there will be a return to the period prior to the 2005 elections that produced the current parliamentary majority .
why has the arrival of the arab ministerial committee been delayed until wednesday , when the foreign ministers ' council asked it to " immediately " go to beirut ?
is it true that arab league secretary general amr moussa will go to doha on tuesday to meet with the chairman of the committee , sheikh hamad bin jassim bin jabr al-thani , prime minister and foreign minister of qatar , along with the rest of the ministers , after the former had to leave cairo because he had previous appointments with two other ministers ?
the information that became available at night show that moussa [ delayed ] his arrival with the chairman and members of the committee to contact different opposition and majority leaders in order to hold the " special session " with the ministerial committee " to discuss the situation , agree on the urgent implementation of the arab initiative , and report the dangerous situation , which threatens current developments , " according to article six of the resolution .
arab ministerial sources noted that the calls were extended to include arab and foreign officials in order to pave the way to achieve the success of the committee 's mission , which " is not easy . "
they set meetings for the committee upon its arrival tomorrow morning , wednesday , to beirut , either from doha or from cairo , which will start with president nabih berri , then president fouad al-saniora , then the commander of the army , lieutenant general michel suleiman , then president of the " change and reform bloc , " general michel aoun , then president of the " democratic meeting , " representative walid jumblatt , and finally president of the " future bloc , " representative saad al-hariri .
they noted that the communication , which sheikh hamad , committee chairman , is making with the leadership in damascus , the secretary general , and a number of lebanese leaders and arab officials aims to open the airport road and the rest of the roads , which are blocked with blockades and sand barriers .
karam said to the media people he met that he would stand by them .
he said " today , we protect public freedom provided for by the lebanese constitution , especially journalistic freedom in the general media . we are held to our word on this difficult day . freedom is not a gift from anyone . it is an ongoing daily struggle to preserved and a bright beacon . the painful crisis lebanon has suffered from throughout the past week has pushed us more and more towards believing in the pen and the tongue . they are the smallest of the tools used for expression . and the media uses these two small tools . "
he said " we will not remain silent about what is happening . and what the media and our journalist colleagues at al-mustaqbal , al-sharq , al-shiraa , al-liwa and saifan will not pass without accountability .
he said that " journalism is lebanon 's face , and lebanon 's face is disfigured if pens are oppressed and we will not let this happen to those who have integrity and look to a brighter national future .
condemnation .
elsewhere , other voices condemned the attacks on the media and journalists .
the cultural movement antalyas considered that " what some of the media was subjected to in terms of destructive attacks , closure and silencing requires us to openly express our severe condemnation of what happened , and to denounce this and warn against its dangers . "
it said that " the culture of freedom , where lebanon is the brightest arab model and the most prominent of its pillars , is freedom of speech , thought , publication , media , consensus and opposition , and its most important symbol is the media , publishing houses and the various cultural platforms . "
in syria , the opposition " national salvation front " issued a statement on the situation in lebanon , stating , " on the seventh of may 2008 , ' hezbollah ' launched a military attack on beirut , terrorizing innocent citizens , inciting dangerous sectarianism , reminding the lebanese , arabs , and the world of the israeli attack on beirut in june 1982 , aiming to tighten its control of lebanon to complete the circles of iranian dominance over the arab region , starting from iraq , through syria , to lebanon .
on this day a new dangerous page was begun in the history of lebanon and the history of " hezbollah , " which sent its armed elements to occupy beirut and undermine internal stability by painful actions that killed and wounded the lebanese , turning the resistance into a hostile force assaulting the families and partners , in nation and fortune .
the danger of this step also lies in that it is a descent into barbaric behavior not seen by the lebanese since the israeli occupation of beirut in 1982 , and will lead to dangerous repercussions at the internal level and a deep national division among the lebanese , and will have catastrophic effects on the unity , stability , and future of lebanon , as well as the future and stability of the entire arab region .
hezbollah 's retreat since july 2006 to beirut , and its transformation from a resistance against occupation into the occupier of beirut , tampering with the lebanese fabric , and involvement in the internal political conflicts in lebanon ,
joe sarkis , minister of tourism , said that he is disturbed by the government 's retraction of its two decisions because this " is a blow to the dignity of the state and the credibility of the government , regardless of circumstances and reasons , and of whether the government decision is right . "
he asserted that in case the opposition did not abide by its share of obligations , the government " will meet to take these two decisions again . "
in an interview with the " daily news agency , " he said , " after we saw the situation on the ground , we placed the problem in the hands of the army command ( ... ) we reached an agreement , which stipulates retracting the two decisions , in exchange for the return of things to normal as [ they were ] before the incidents . "
he indicated that , " hezbollah is the only party that owns weapons , an army , and a military force , which turned out to be a large force that can impose all it wants in the field . accordingly , the other points of disagreement are no longer the only ones , but the weapons point has become among the thought-about priorities for all lebanese people . "
he accused nabih berri , speaker of the council of representatives , of " holding the resistance weapon and pointing it towards us . he is armed with a weapon . he uses it and demands that we go to the dialogue table with the gun pointed to our heads . "
so , we are facing two choices , either to give in and go to the dialogue , or to remain silent and deny ourselves . accordingly , berri wants to talk with himself , or may be with hezbollah ,
but if he wants to talk with the team , which disagrees with his opinion , while he carries the weapon and says , " this weapon will remain in my hands and come to the dialogue table with the gun pointed to your heads , " then i am in front of two things , " either to go with my head down and say to berri where do you want me to sign so i can sign , or not to go because i cannot face berri except with the words , reason , and belief in the state and constitutional organizations , because this is our only weapon . "
deputy atif majdalani considered that " the syrian-iranian axis is carrying out a three phase plan : vacuum , which has been achieved , chaos and troublemaking in the midst of which we find ourselves , and creating a new taif in doha with the aim of redrawing balances to go from half to a third . "
he said in a statement yesterday " after the mask fell and the party ( hezbollah ) was distanced itself from its epithet and forgot its promises and ignored its pledges , after carrying out all sorts of attacks and intimidation against the people of beirut , and after it exploded its black hatred on the prince of martyrs president rafiq al-hariri by destroying his media , educational , cultural and health institutions , after all this , where are we today ?
and what after this ? "
he added that " if the hezbollah militias which violated peace-loving , safe and proud beirut , and overcame the invasion it has been subject to , thinks that it has achieved a victory then it is wrong .
neither did they win nor will we give up our country to the custodianship of jurists .
and because violation of the sacred , and killing innocent people , and silencing free voices , and imposing a view by force are unacceptable , there has to be a first condition in any dialogue concerning the legal use of arms so that the security of beirut and the security of lebanon are protected . "
he finished by saying " we can only congratulate hezbollah on its most recent achievement , because it has succeeded in planting religious strife among the people and has deepened the wounds and hatred between people and has spread shame and humiliation among citizens who opened their hearts then their houses in the july attack , and what is most important is that it has succeeded in convincing everyone that their new enemy is specifically hezbollah 's weapons . "
egyptian minister of social solidarity ali mesilhy said yesterday , thursday , that the state will add at least 17 million citizens to the holders of ration cards to reduce the effect of food price increases , and will also double the quantity of rice distributed as part of the food rations .
mesilhy told reuters that the number of citizens eligible for subsidized food rations will rise to 55 million , which means over 70 % of the country 's population .
he said in an interview that the deadline for registering new individuals to obtain the cards is june ( june ) 30 .
so far , approximately 17 million citizens have applied , which means coverage for approximately 55 million people .
the rate of inflation in egypt jumped to 16.4 % on an annual basis in april ( april ) , and the government is trying to contain increasing popular dissatisfaction due to the rising food prices and low wages .
three people were killed in the city of grand mahlia on the nile delta last month in confrontations with the police after the textile workers tried to organize a strike .
( details , page 4 . ) egypt has not added citizens to the ration cards since 1988 .
the poor in egypt , who spend most of their income on food , are the most affected by the rise in rice , meat , vegetable , and cooking oil prices , along with other food items .
mesilhy said that the new cards will cost the government 1.7 billion pounds ( 317 million dollars ) in fiscal year 2008-2009 , which starts on the first of july ( july ) .
an agreement to stop the fight between insurgents and police forces in the stronghold of shiite scholar muqtada al-sadr in baghdad appeared to be strong to a great extent yesterday , sunday .
separate clashes between insurgents and american troops , however , are still ongoing .
residents in sadr city said that there was no fighting during the night , but small clashes erupted a day after the shiite political factions had reached an agreement to end weeks of the fighting , which resulted in the killing of hundreds of people in the shiite district .
the fighting , which erupted between security forces supported by the united states and the insurgents , besieged residents of the district of sadr city , who total one million , and led relief workers to warn of a humanitarian crisis .
agreements between insurgents supporting al-sadr , who opposes the united states , and security forces , however , have previously collapsed .
it is also not clear to what extent al-sadr controls many of his mahdi army militia members .
in spite of the quiet , officials in two hospitals in sadr city said that they received one body and treated five injured people last night .
before the signing of the agreement , the two hospitals said that 19 people were killed and 116 others injured in the last twenty-four hours .
the government welcomed the agreement signed between the sadr bloc in parliament and the ruling shiite coalition .
american army spokesman colonel jerry o 'hara welcomed the efforts to end the violence through political negotiations .
turkish military sources announced yesterday tuesday that elite army forces had killed 100 kurdish rebels in lightning operations carried out over the past two days in northern iraq .
the sources added that the incursions which took place in afasin basyan valley five kilometers inside iraq came as a response to attacks by kurdish separatists from the kurdistan labor party last friday on a military border point in the region of hakari in southeast turkey .
the air force provided the elite unit with support by bombing the area .
the turkish army has previously carried out several similar attacks in the past with the aim of driving out members of the kurdistan labor party in northern iraq .
the attack by the kurdish rebels at aktatoun resulted in the death of 6 soldiers and 19 gunmen and the turkish army responded by carrying out an air raid targeting kurdistan labor party sites in afasin basyan .
the turkish army command confirmed that an unspecified number of rebels in northern iraq were killed and that the kurdistan labor party 's media center was destroyed .
the turkish army has stepped up its operations against kurdish rebels since last december , with air raids on their locations and military units . they also entered northern iraq for a period of one week last april where around 1000 turkish rebels are located according to ankara .
the united states and european union have put the kurdistan labor party on the list of terrorist organizations .
a report published on the internet site of the moro islamic liberation front said that a malaysian plane will arrive early this morning in the city of davao to transport its teams , which were deployed in locations 4 and 5 of the international monitoring team in the cities of general santos and davao .
both are in mindanao , consecutively .
the government and army of the philippines remained silent on the departure of the first batch of the international monitoring team led by malaysia , which is monitoring the ceasefire agreement between the government of the philippines and the moro islamic liberation front .
it is the largest islamic movement in the country .
the front said that a plane will fly from davao to the city of cotabato and the city of zamboanga , both also in mindanao , to transport the other teams before they eventually return to kuala lumpur this afternoon .
this is considered the first phase of the withdrawal of the malaysian peace monitors and peacekeeping soldiers from the international monitoring team following the malaysian government 's decision to start withdrawing its teams after a clear crisis occurred in the peace talks between the government of the philippines and the front .
malaysia had declared last month that the mandate of the international monitoring team would not be renewed after it expires on august 31 of this year because no progress was achieved in the talks in which it is playing the role of the mediator .
the team was deployed in 2004 after the government of the philippines and the front signed a ceasefire and peace talks started in kuala lumpur .
the sudanese government announced today ( saturday ) the defeat of those who snuck in from the darfur region in western sudan to the capital khartoum from the rebel justice and equality movement .
sudanese police announced that a number of those sneaking in were killed in a fierce fight that took place in the omdurman area to the northwest of khartoum .
it added that a body count is now taking place and noted that a number of those sneaking in had been taken captive .
earlier today , sudanese armed forces announced a fight in the area of omdurman with members of the rebel justice and equality movement , who managed to sneak in after they had been confronted in north kurdufan .
for his part , official police spokesman mohammed abd al-majid al-tayib announced the defeat of groups of the rebel khalil ibrahim 's forces , which had tried to sneak into the capital . he noted that a number of them have been killed , including mohammed saleh karbo , the commander of the force that had snuck in , and mohammed anwar nour , the commander of the force 's intelligence .
al-tayib said that those who snuck in left their vehicles and escaped to residential districts . he called for citizens to cooperate with all the authorities to report any strangers in any neighborhood .
the official spokesman warned that those who snuck in could hide in different ways ; some might fake madness or act like homeless people , in order to abscond and escape the security agencies .
he asserted that in the remaining hours of this day , authorities will be able to arrest the remaining escapees who snuck in . a number of vehicles and a number of suspects have been arrested . they will face legal measures .
american software giant microsoft said on friday that it would appeal against the 899 million euro ( 1.39 billion dollars ) fine issued by the european commission because of the high prices it imposed to discourage competition .
microsoft said in a statement " microsoft appealed today to the court of the first instance ( european union ) for cancellation of the european commission decision of february 27 . "
in reply to this , the european union , which has been fighting microsoft for a long time on issues of competition , said that it was confident the fine was legal .
the commission said that it imposed the fine because the american company defied a decision issued by the commission in 2004 to make information available to competitors under reasonable conditions .
geneva - the world health organization called on friday for more cooperation on research into the bird flu virus which it said could help limit the number of deaths and illnesses should bird flu break out in humans .
world health organization officials said that current international research is highly competitive and that the results of studies are being withheld prior to publication and that this could delay benefiting from these results in the event of a public health emergency .
kiyagi fukoda , the world health organization 's international flu program coordinator , said that there was a need for greater exchange of research as happened unofficially between experts during the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) epidemic in 2003 which spread from southern china to canada .
middle east quartet envoy tony blair said today ( tuesday ) that israel has agreed to loosen the restrictions on travel and commerce on the palestinians in the west bank .
according to blair , israel will remove the checkpoint near the city of hebron in the west bank this week , and remove or move the locations of several others , including the beit eil point near ramallah , which will be moved " as soon as israel decides that the security situation allows this . "
blair said in a press conference in jerusalem , " this is the first step , but it is an important step . "
he said that " it will lead to marked improvement , " and added that the changes over time will significantly improve movement from north to south , and from east to west , in the west bank .
the envoy gave israel a list of 12 checkpoints , roadblocks and other blockades in the west bank he wants removed , but israel agreed to accept only some of the proposed steps , according to the local daily paper yedioth ahronoth .
blair 's list is considered the first of its kind submitted by the former british prime minister since the world forces appointed him last june to lead efforts to revive the palestinian economy .
blair 's announcement came a day before the visit of american president george w. bush to celebrate the sixtieth anniversary of the establishment of the state of israel .
israeli officials did not immediately comment .
the people 's daily newspaper , the [ mouthpiece ] of the chinese communist party 's central committee , will publish a comment tomorrow , wednesday , asking the country to mobilize and take emergency measures regarding the earthquake that hit southwest china .
the comment stated that monday 's earthquake , the worst in china in three decades , put citizens ' lives and property in extreme danger .
the disaster broke the hearts of the chinese communist party 's central committee , and the state council .
after the earthquake , president hu jintao urged for comprehensive efforts to save the injured and guarantee the safety of citizens in afflicted areas .
wen jiabao , president of the state council , went to the area immediately to direct relief works in the disaster site .
the permanent committee of the political office of the central committee of the chinese communist party held a meeting yesterday evening and decided to establish a headquarters for disaster relief .
the earthquake monitoring office in china , the national committee for disaster relief , the ministry of civil affairs , the ministry of health , the ministry of national security , the chinese people 's liberation army general administration for logistic supplies , and sichuan local government all provided aid to afflicted areas .
the paper stated , " all this shows the central government 's special interest in the safety of the people and their property . "
it added , " these actions also showed the party and government 's insistence on exerting maximum efforts to help in earthquake relief works . "
the disaster also raised fears among citizens across the country .
in a few hours , the yunan province and the self-governing tibet region sent earthquake experts to the area and the chinese red cross foundation allocated earthquake relief supplies .
according to the comment , many provinces , municipalities , and other self-governing areas have also prepared to help afflicted area .
the palestinian government 's ministry of health issued a severe warning today tuesday about the dangerous environmental and health consequences of using cooking oil to run vehicles in the gaza strip as a result of the fuel crisis and israeli blockade .
drivers in the gaza strip , blockaded since mid-june last year , started to use cooking oil as fuel for their cars instead of petrol derivatives which israel prevents the strip from importing and imposes severe restrictions on .
the ministry said in a press statement " using cooking oil as fuel will lead to a health and environmental disaster which will affect both public health and the environment . "
it said that " the partial burning process from using cooking oil as fuel results in a product containing carcinogens dangerous to human health . "
the ministry went on to say " in addition to negative effects on the environment and public health , using cooking oil as an alternative to fuel has led to an increase in the price per gallon of cooking oil by around 30 percent of its basic price .
this leads to more suffering by citizens as a result of the continued increase in prices as cooking oil is considered to be a basic product . "
the palestinian ministry of health considered that " the inhumane situation for the gaza strip population as a result of closure of the strip and israel 's blockade and its prevention of basic humanitarian products entering such as fuel and combustibles is a violation of basic human rights and international treaties and agreements and group punishment of the population . "
the ministry reiterated its call to the international community to move urgently to put pressure on israel to end its violations of the palestinian environment in the gaza strip by stopping israel continuing to take measures to stop fuel supplies entering .
the jordanian state security court revisited the case of muamar ahmad yousef al-jaghbir , sentenced to ten years ' provisional hard labor for his part in the killing of american diplomat lawrence foley , after the court of cassation ( the highest judicial authority ) threw out the decision the state security court issued in november of last year .
judicial sources told the news agency ( xinhua ) today ( tuesday ) that the court of cassation decision came as the court had earlier tried the defendant muamar al-jaghbir in absentia with other defendants in a previous case , and by law the ruling in absentia becomes void when the fugitive defendant is detained .
both the state security court public prosecutor and the defense attorney for al-jaghbir , attorney fathi al-daradkeh , asked the state security court not to follow the court of cassation and continue with the case procedures .
the state security court convicted al-jaghbir on the charge of conspiracy to commit terrorist acts after the charge was amended from conspiracy to commit terrorist acts that led to the death of a human being .
for their part , judicial sources said that the charge sheet did not reveal much about a direct role by jaghbir in the case , except that he contacted ( salim bin sweid , the main defendant who was executed last year in the case with yasir freihat ) to check on him , as salim heard from muamar through a call that muamar had learned about the success of the first military operation in the jordanian arena .
sources indicated that al-jaghbir was sentenced in the summer of 2004 in absentia to death by hanging for the same case , and the punishment was immediately voided after al-jaghbir was handed over to the jordanian security forces by the american forces in iraq .
palestinian medical sources said that four palestinians , including a boy , were killed , and 13 others injured , as a result of the ongoing israeli penetration east of the town of jabalya in the northern gaza strip .
medical sources said that israeli tanks had launched many grenades in the al-kashef mountain area during the penetration , killing two members of the al-qassam brigades , the armed wing of the hamas movement .
earlier , a 17-year-old boy was killed by israeli army fire on his way to school on a bicycle in the ezbet abd rabo area , to the east of jabalya .
eyewitnesses from among the residents of jabalya confirmed that israeli bulldozers are currently performing a broad razing of agricultural lands in the martyrs ' graveyard area .
eyewitnesses added that three women suffered various injuries as a result of israeli cannon bombardment on palestinian houses .
israeli army forces have started penetrating into the city , supported by several military machines , amid heavy gunfire by these forces .
an activist in the al-qassam brigades , the armed wing of the hamas movement , was killed , and five other injured , in several israeli army raids in the city of khan younes , in the southern gaza strip .
at an early hour this morning , israeli forces penetrated into the village of khozaa in eastern khan younes , where they conducted wide bulldozing operations of agricultural lands there .
for its part , the al-quds brigades , the armed wing of the islamic jihad movement , said that it had targeted the penetrating military machines with three howitzer cannons ,
while the al-qassam brigades announced that it had launched " rpg " grenades at an israeli machine . in addition , its fighters had clashed with israeli soldiers .
the chinese mainland red cross society said today thursday that the red cross organization in taiwan had been invited to take part in rescue efforts in the sichuan province hit by earthquakes and that it is prepared to do so quickly .
the earthquake hit the country last monday . since then , the taiwanese red cross organization has managed to raise 300,000 dollars from public donations which were passed on to the victims via the mainland red cross society yesterday wednesday .
the taiwanese red cross organization also commissioned china airlines to carry 126,900 dollars worth of aid today from the town of taipei to the town of chengdu , the capital of sichuan province .
aid consisted of 7000 coats , 800 tents , blankets , food and first aid kits .
previously , cheng yung-lin , director of the taiwan affairs office of the state council said that the mainland welcomed the rescue teams which were sent by the taiwanese red cross to help with earthquake rescue operations .
he said that his office and the mainland red cross society would assist with aid operations from taiwan to help them reach the region hit by the earthquake as quickly as possible .
he added " we are aware of taiwanese concern for victims of the earthquake " , and thanked them for their generosity and their assistance in aid and rescue operations .
the association for relations across the taiwan sent a letter today to the straits exchange foundation in taiwan in which it thanked the taiwanese red cross for sending rescuers to sichuan and for the donations made by the people of taiwan .
a local official told xinhua news agency today ( thursday ) that the plague could appear in the earthquake areas if the bodies of the victims are not buried quickly .
pai lee ching , a prominent official in the communist party in the aba area of sichuan province , noted that there are many bodies buried under the rubble ,
and that the huge crane equipment cannot pass through the closed streets to reach the disaster areas .
pai has been looking for survivors since the devastating earthquake took place on monday with a rescue team in beichuan in the governorate of wenchuan , the center of the earthquake .
pai warned that the high temperatures can accelerate the decomposition of bodies and the appearance of the plague .
some bodies had piled up on the ground in the town , and a bad smell permeated the air .
pai said , " we are in dire need of body bags , " as well as food and water .
he added that " the food and potable water dropped by air are limited , and do not meet the needs . "
he said that some rescue workers searched for water in a spring in the mountain , but it is not clear if it is potable .
gao qiang , the deputy minister of health , pledged this afternoon ( thursday ) that the central government will work to prevent the spread of any epidemic .
he said that the bodies of the dead will be disposed of properly as soon as possible to prevent the multiplication of the harmful bacteria .
he added , " we should not add to the losses caused by the natural disasters , and make people suffer more because we did not do our job well . "
more countries offered aid today ( thursday ) to china which , after the southwest of sichuan province was hit by a massive earthquake .
norway 's foreign ministry announced that the norwegian government will provide 20 million kroner ( about 4 million american dollars ) in aid to china in its relief works .
the spanish government said that it will provide 1 million euros ( about 1.55 million american dollars ) to china .
belgian foreign minister karel de gucht said that the belgian government will provide 650,000 euros ( about 1.01 million american dollars ) in emergency aid to china .
the french foreign ministry said that france has decided to provide 250,000 euros ( about 386,900 american dollars ) worth of relief materials to china 's red cross to help victims in earthquake areas .
greek foreign minister dora bakoyannis announced that the greek government has decided to provide 200,000 euros ( about 309,500 american dollars ) in emergency aid to china .
the estonian government will also provide 500,000 estonian kroons ( about 49,000 american dollars ) to china to express the estonian government and people 's sympathy and support to residents of the earthquake areas .
the vietnamese government will offer 200,000 american dollars in cash to help china in its relief work .
the mozambican government will provide 40,000 renminbi ( about 5,700 american dollars ) in aid .
the united nations ' refugee agency will offer 50,000 american dollars in cash to support the chinese government 's relief work .
in addition , many diplomats at foreign embassies in china made personal donations .
the russian union has called for the need to resume discussions between iran and the g6 to settle the iranian nuclear file crisis .
the official russian spokesman at the agency boris malakhov expressed his hope in a statement distributed today that tehran would agree to meet the european union 's high representative javier solana , in addition to representatives of the g6 to discuss ways of settling the iranian nuclear file crisis .
malakhov said that a g6 delegation was taking new proposals with it to tehran approved by the foreign ministers of the g6 in london recently .
he added that " the delegation from the g6 can present an initial assessment during the negotiations of the iranian proposals announced by iran two weeks ago . "
the russian news agency ria novosti reported russian sources as saying that the russian foreign ministry is studying iranian proposals on how to resolve international issues .
iran 's ambassadors to moscow and beijing had previously handed over iranian proposals to the foreign ministries of the two countries .
in a similar vein , russian foreign minister sergei lavrov called for the need to give iran definite security guarantees and ensure its involvement in settling its regional issues as an important preliminary to resolving the iranian nuclear file crisis .
iran 's permanent envoy to the international atomic energy agency ali asghar soltaniyeh had said on may 14 that his country intends to continue cooperating with the international agency in spite of some criticism directed at the agency 's work and how it is dealing with the iranian nuclear program .
prominent chinese leader lee chang chun sent his regards on behalf of the central committee of the chinese communist party , the chinese state council , and chinese president hu jintao yesterday evening ( friday ) to the reporters covering the events of the destructive earthquake that registered 7.8 degrees in sichuan province , southwest china .
lee , a member of the permanent committee of the political office of the chinese communist party , told xinhua news agency and chinese central television during his visit yesterday evening that " chinese news reporters have worked tirelessly over the past five days . "
he said they " showed the world the combined efforts exerted by our nation , and the spirit that does not know surrender , during the aid work in the disaster . " lee arrived at the agency 's headquarters at 11 : 30 yesterday evening .
he spoke to journalists and editors about their mission at the headquarters and talked to the reporters at the earthquake site in sichuan via videophone .
lee was accompanied on his visit by liu yon chan , member of the political office of the central committee of the chinese communist party , and the director of the propaganda department at the central committee of the chinese communist party . after that , they also visited chinese central television .
lee said that " the central committee of the chinese communist party and the chinese state council gave significant importance to disaster aid and the operations of rescuing victims of the sichuan earthquake .
president hu jintao and state council premier wen jiabao also traveled to sichuan to guide aid efforts , while the entire state was mobilized to assist the earthquake victims . "
he also noted that a large number of new correspondents pushed themselves to the front lines in the earthquake aid work in sichuan in spite of the possible risks .
wenchuan , sichuan province , may 17 ( xinhua . )
a german tourist missing for five days told the xinhua news agency how villagers in an isolated community cared for him for five days , following the earthquake that hit southwest china .
brakus bogdan , 62 years-old , was initially reported to have been pulled alive from earthquake debris .
he had , in fact , been safe and well ,
staying in the village of taoguan , near the epicenter of the earthquake in wenchuan county .
bogdan 's location was determined early on thursday ,
but soldiers from the people 's liberation army were not able to evacuate him from the village until today , 114 hours after the earthquake .
" i am in good condition , " the climber from the munich-based hauser travel agency told xinhua .
bogdan had been traveling with translator xu jianming and driver tsua wei across a bridge when the earthquake occurred .
following the strong earthquake , which lasted for 10 minutes , they escaped from the vehicle and climbed over a large pile of debris . then , they found a small village and have lived in it for the last five days with earthquake survivors .
bogdan said that local citizens provided food and drinking water . at night , they went to sleep in the vehicle .
the three people , all in good condition , have been moved to a tent at the army disaster relief headquarters in the province , to the north of the village of taoguan and about 90 minutes away by car .
wang kai , the officer in charge of communications with the chengdu military command , said that rescue workers would transport them to chengdu , the capital of sichuan , when a vehicle becomes available to transport them . ( end of the news ) .
russian and singaporean rescue teams continued their aid operations today ( sunday ) in the province of sichuan in the southwest of the country which was hit by earthquake .
according to a chinese citizen who accompanied the russian rescue workers , the russian rescue team is still in the town of dujiangyan in the southwest of the province and wenchuan , the epicenter of the earthquake which hit 8 points on the richter scale .
the chinese earthquake observatory today sunday adjusted the earthquake level from 7.8 to 8 points on the richter scale .
russian rescuers saved a 61-year-old woman who was still alive yesterday evening after being buried for 127 hours under the debris .
another group from the first team is looking for signs of life in other areas of the city of dujiangyan .
elsewhere , a team from singapore consisting of 55 members is working in the village of hongpei , one of the most damaged areas in the city of shifang in the sichuan province .
singaporean and chinese rescuers also pulled out the body of a 45-year-old woman from the remains of a residential building in hongpei after hours of effort .
liu yu tian , the deceased woman 's brother said , " i truly appreciate what they have done because they put their own safety to one side . "
liu went to the headquarters of the singaporean team in hongpei this evening sunday to thank them .
liu said " they are foreigners and have no connection to us but they did not hesitate to crawl inside the building which could have collapsed at any time . "
the iranian president , mahmoud ahmadinejad , said that certain countries have offered to supply his country with uranium enriched up to the 20 % rate to be used as nuclear fuel .
iran always insists on its right to undertake the uranium enrichment process for the sake of a nuclear program it says is for entirely peaceful purposes and fundamentally to generate electricity .
tehran rejects western suspicions that its real intention is to build a nuclear bomb , which will require the production of uranium enriched to the rate of approximately 90 % .
ahmadinejad said yesterday , " there were proposals presented by individual countries and groups of countries , and we are ready to hold talks with anyone concerned by the matter . our experts will soon begin talks with those vendors . "
he added that iran could possibly buy nuclear fuel from the united states , its old enemy . a news agency quoted him as saying , " we want to buy fuel , and we can buy it from any place , and america could be one of the vendors . "
western diplomats say that iran has agreed in principle during the geneva talks last thursday to send about 80 % of its low-enriched uranium stock to russia and france in order to perform additional processing on it , after which it is returned to tehran to boost the reduced fuel stocks for a reactor in the capital that produces radioisotopes for cancer treatment .
the president of the republic of armenia , serzh sargsian , arrived the day before yesterday to beirut on an official visit , to be welcomed by tashnag partisans with a broad wave of protests and sit-ins in front of his place of residence at the hotel , in criticism of his signing the turkish-armenian agreement scheduled to be held on this october ( october ) 10 .
sargsian met yesterday with the catholics of the armenian orthodox , aram i keshishian , who informed him that " armenians will continue to demand their rights , " and that he personally is continuing the struggle and demanding the recognition of the armenian genocide and all its ramifications .
he concluded by stressing the " importance of armenian unity that makes us strong , capable of recovering our rights and continuing our struggle . "
sargsian then met with representatives of the three armenian parties , the tashnag , the henshag , and the ramgavar ; representatives of the three armenian denominations , the orthodox , the catholic , and the evangelical ; representatives of armenian associations and foundations in lebanon , syria , egypt , the gulf states , and iran ; in the presence of the secretary general of the tashnag party , hovik mukhtarian , the minister of energy and water , alain tabourian , the deputy hagop pakradounian , and a number of active armenian groups .
the gathered informed the armenian president of their objection to the agreement , which he will sign with turkey , and they indicated that " it should have been preceded by a discussion of important issues and that the opinions of the diaspora should have been taken into consideration when negotiating with the turks . "
dr. mahmoud al-zahar , member of the hamas movement 's political bureau and its most prominent leader in the gaza strip , said that the issue is not in signing a reconciliation agreement , but in creating an atmosphere that is conducive to reconciliation , after the criminal initiative committed by the palestinian authority of postponing a discussion of the goldstone report about the crimes committed by israel in gaza at the international human rights council .
al-zahar added in statements to asharq al-awsat , " the debate is ongoing , up to half an hour ago ( yesterday ) , between ourselves and egypt about preparing the conditions .... we distinguish between signing and reconciliation .... signing is an easy thing and any person can do it , but the problem is in creating an atmosphere for this reconciliation , after the negative atmosphere that was created by this criminal initiative . "
he went on to say , " the position right now is that the principle of reconciliation is standing , but the discussion revolves around time .... and there is discussion with egyptian officials to arrive at a means such that this reconciliation is not a formality . "
moreover , the israelis received george mitchell , the special american envoy for peace in the middle east , with the leaking of a report asserting " that whoever is thinking of successful negotiations about a permanent settlement at this time is deluded and unrealistic . "
in a subsequent development yesterday , a palestinian official announced to agence france presse that palestinian president mahmoud abbas ordered the palestine delegate at the united nations headquarters in geneva to request the convening of an emergency meeting of the human rights council to resume the discussion of the goldstone report .
the un security council rejected a request from the delegate of libya , the only arab state on the council , to convene a special emergency session to discuss the results and recommendations of richard goldstone 's report in which he incriminates israel in perpetrating war crimes in the gaza strip .
but the council , with its 15 members , approved moving forward its monthly session on middle east affairs , which was originally scheduled for october ( october ) 20 , to the 14 of the month , and devote it to discussing the report .
alejandro wolff , the american deputy ambassador to the united nations , said after discussions that continued for more than two hours the night before last , " we made clear that washington does not favor the council taking any measure at next week 's session , "
and he added that " the report ought to be debated at the human rights council in geneva . "
at the level of palestinian reactions to the authority 's decision to withdraw the goldstone report from discussion at the human rights council , the political bureau of the popular front for the liberation of palestine demanded that immunity be lifted from palestinian president mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) in preparation for an investigation of him concerning his connection with the decision to withdraw the report .
in a statement following a session it held , the political bureau clarified that " anyone whose incrimination in this crime is confirmed ought to be held accountable , beginning with abbas and down to the last official who participated in perpetrating this sin . "
the bureau called for the necessity to adhere to the right of the palestinian people to follow the report through at all relevant international levels and institutions , and to mandate the executive committee and all competent palestinian bodies with following through on this .
the beat of the summit that brought together the saudi monarch king abdallah bin abd al-aziz and syrian president bashar al-asad in damascus controls the pulse of the lebanese political arena , which anticipates breakthroughs leading to contributions to the birth of the government formation , now in its fourth month without completion .
and while the positive atmosphere that accompanied the saudi-syrian summit prevails over its alternatives , silence dominates the decision centers regarding the ability of the prime minister-designate , sa 'ad al-hariri , to untie the knots , either with his allies or with the other side .
what heightens the tension accompanying the anticipation are the worrisome and roaming security signs , which can no longer be reined in except by a strong government capable of extending security and addressing the accumulated files .
while certain sources note that the failure of lebanon to benefit from the summit results between king abdallah and president al-asad will have unanticipated negative results , other sources consider that the encounter has its positives on arab relations at large , though its implementation in lebanon has other considerations extending to iran .
the hezbollah deputy , bilal farhat , says to asharq al-awsat , " lebanon is a part of the existing regional condition . anyone who says the opposite of that is lying to himself . "
in the first week of the current month of october ( october ) , five saudi companies listed on the stock exchange announced their financial results for the past nine months period , and the preliminary results show that these companies registered profits amounting to 1.074 billion riyals ( 286.4 million dollars . )
two of the companies achieved growth in profits , whereas three companies declined by various rates .
the arriyadh development company had the highest growth after achieving a 13 % increase during the past three quarters , earning 96 million riyals ( 18.4 million dollars ) during the past nine months , compared with 61 million riyals in the same period of last year ,
while jarir company came in second position with a increase rate reaching 7 % , achieving profits reaching 270 million riyals , compared to 252.6 million riyals in the same period of last year .
halwani brothers topped the list of companies that declined the most in profits at a rate of 32 % after earning 34.3 million riyals , compared with profits amounting to 50.8 million riyals in the same period of last year , followed by eastern cement company , which witnessed in the third quarter a growth of 60 % over the same period of last year , but overall it achieved a decline of 16 % during the past nine months , compared to the same period of last year .
the american president , barack obama , said yesterday that he , like the rest of the american people , woke up to the surprise of being granted the nobel peace prize , and said that he accepts the award as a " call to action " rather than a " recognition of personal accomplishments " he made .
obama enumerated his priorities , among them " a total commitment " to the peace process in the middle east and the establishment of a palestinian state .
obama began his speech in front of the white house yesterday by saying , " i am surprised , you have embarrassed my humility , " and added , " let me be clear ; i do not view ( the award ) as a recognition of my personal accomplishments , but rather as an affirmation of american leadership on behalf of aspirations of peoples in all nations . "
he emphasized the idea of humility in his statement , as he said , " i do not feel that i deserve to be in the company of many personalities who have changed the world , " in reference to those who received the award in the past , but he said that it moves him to action .
he added : " i know that throughout history , the nobel peace prize was not granted only to honor a specific achievement ; it has also been used to give momentum to a number of causes , and that is why i will accept this award as a call to action , a call to all nations to confront the common challenges of the twenty-first century . " it is noteworthy that in his speech obama did not thank the nobel committee , in an indication that he feels that the award adds to his burden to achieve great ambitions .
the selection of american president barack obama to be awarded the nobel peace prize provoked a worldwide wave of congratulatory reactions , as well as some objections .
everyone concurred to prod the american president to exert more efforts for the sake of consolidating peace in the world .
direct and obvious criticisms for the selection of obama to be awarded the prize were very few .
while palestinian president mahmoud abbas congratulated obama , expressing his hope that peace be achieved during his term ,
the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) said that there is much that the american president ought to offer in order to deserve the prize .
ismail hanieyh , the prime minister of the resigned palestinian government , which is administered by hamas , expressed the hope that obama 's winning of the prize is a reflection of a change in american policy toward the palestinian people and their conflict with the israeli occupation , and about what is happening in the city of jerusalem .
in a statement to reporters after the friday prayer yesterday , haniyeh added , " we heard the speeches of the american president , and we said at the time that we needed actions and not words . "
he also added , " if there is no radical and genuine change in american policy with respect to recognizing the permanent rights of the palestinian people , then i think that the prize he won makes no difference . "
the arab league secretary general , amr moussa , said that he is " very happy " with obama 's winning the nobel peace prize , and expressed his hope that this will contribute to moving forward the peace efforts in the middle east .
in a telephone statement from libya , moussa told agence france presse " that it is an expression of the world 's conviction in what ( obama ) talked about in his plan , both in regard to the nuclear demilitarization in the world , and to his intervention to reach a rapid solution to world problems , including the arab-israeli conflict . "
the emir of kuwait , sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jabir al-sabah , sent a wire of congratulations to the american president in which he congratulated him on receiving the nobel prize , and also the yemeni president ali abdallah salih .
and in syria , the editor-in-chief of the syrian government newspaper " al-thawra " , as 'ad abboud , told the german news agency , " this is a prize for the future that is expected from president obama . the majority of the peoples of the poor world , the developing world , and the countries with wars in them expect from obama more action towards peace , particularly in our arab region . "
in his turn , the editor-in-chief of the semi-official syrian al-watan newspaper , waddah abd-rabbo , said that obama deserves it given his courage , particularly in regard to his decision of shutting down the guantanamo detention camp and his courageous decision to withdraw his army from iraq .
sulayman haddad , the chairman of the foreign relations committee in the syrian people 's assembly , said in statements to the same agency that obama has good intentions for peace , but intentions coupled with action on the ground of reality are much more important .
a moroccan official criticized the classification , which the united nations human development program assigned to morocco , as it occupied on the list a lagging rank in the category of arab countries , and also at the international level , where it occupied rank 130 .
ahmad al-halimi , the high commissioner for planning , the equivalent of a ( minister of planning ) , described morocco 's classification by the program as extremely unfair .
al-halimi , who was speaking after a meeting he held with the statistics unit director at the office of the international report on human development , alison kennedy , said , " the classification assigned by the program is not only unfair , but unfortunately it does not reflect the efforts made by morocco to improve the level of human development . "
al-halimi expressed his doubts over the methods of measurements and the criteria utilized by the united nations human development office to classify countries , noting that morocco cannot come behind namibia and botswana .
nevertheless , al-halimi also indicated that the objective of the united nations program report is not to diminish morocco 's standing in this area , but rather it is an attempt to incentivize all countries that placed in lagging positions to do more in the field of economic development and also human development .
al-halimi attributed the reasons for morocco 's retreat in the international ranking to a mounting illiteracy rate , and also the scarce number of schools in the villages and rural areas .
the lebanese army said that " it is proceeding with imposing security and order , " emphasizing " that there is no political umbrella over the head of anyone . " it called on the military for more patience and sacrifice , and to deal decisively with the rabble-rousers who trifle with the lives and properties of the citizens . "
the lebanese army command - guidance directorate had circulated yesterday a guidance publication among the military entitled " security for everyone and across the nation . "
it said in it , " the country was the scene in the recent past of a few security incidents in several lebanese regions , which resulted in death and injury among the citizens ' ranks , accompanied by inciting political and media discourse from certain parties , in addition to casting doubt over the army 's role by alluding to a failure to avert the occurrence of incidents and to negligence in imposing security in certain regions . "
the statement clarified that " the army 's mission in preserving the security and stability of the country is a permanent and fixed mission , regardless of the location of incidents and the change in circumstances . it requires a constant watch over the security of all the citizens without exception , and the pursuit of those who undermine security to whichever side they belong until they are arrested and brought to justice . "
it said , " as it carries out its duty , the military institution is focused on preserving national unity and shared living . it will not be drawn behind irresponsible statements issued here and there and which lead , whether intentionally or not , to escalate the situation , and consequently , to fall into impulsive fanaticisms that negatively impact everyone and bring the greatest harm to the interest of both the nation and the citizen . "
the international energy agency said yesterday that worldwide demand for oil will improve next year at a faster rate than previous estimations thanks to more optimistic economic expectations .
in a monthly report , the agency , which offers advice to 28 industrial countries , raised its expectations of the growth of worldwide demand for oil in 2010 to 1.42 million barrels a day , which is an increase of 150,000 barrels a day over previous prognostications .
the report said that the median demand for oil next year is expected to reach 86.05 million barrels a day , which is consistent with more optimistic economic expectations than the international monetary fund and stronger data from the two americas and asia .
it added that oil reserves of the countries of the organization for economic cooperation and development have declined to the equivalent of a coverage of 60.7 days of delayed demand at the end of august ( august ) from 61.4 days in july ( july ) .
the international energy agency said that the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) pumped greater quantities of oil in september ( september ) than in august , in order to reduce the degree of commitment to the agreed production reductions of 62 % .
iran has opened an official investigation into the sale of a majority of shares of one of the largest telecommunications companies in iran , a consortium of three companies ; one of them a company owned by the iranian revolutionary guard corps , which places the majority of iranian telecommunications under direct military control .
the iranian announcement came after informed sources confirmed to asharq al-awsat two days ago that the iranian revolutionary guard corps have taken control of one of the largest iranian telecommunications companies to bolster surveillance over communications for security reasons .
the sources clarified that the revolutionary guard corps now own 51 % of tose 'e etemad mobin , after paying more than seven billion dollars to acquire 51 % of the private company shares in the framework of the privatization laws in iran , and noted that other companies were excluded from competition " for security considerations . "
last september ( september ) , the etemad mobin consortium , which comprises three companies , purchased 51 % of the shares of the iranian telecommunications company .
and since that time , press information indicated that one of the consortium members belongs to the branch of the revolutionary guard corps , which is contrary to the very idea of privatization .
mustafa boor mohamadi , head of the iranian audit organization , told the newspaper tehran emrooz , " we have conducted studies on ambiguous articles ( in the agreement ) , and we will appraise the privatization and the stock exchange boards of them . "
iran sold the majority of shares of the government telecommunication company to the stock exchange for a value amounting to about seven billion dollars in the largest privatization operation during the era of the islamic republic , as the official television mentioned last september ( september ) 27 .
the secretary general of the ruling national democratic party in egypt , safwat al-sherif , said that his party is facing a challenge in the next elections for the two assemblies of parliament , and emphasized the party 's ability to drive new generations to assume the responsibility . he announced that the party has dismissed members in it after their perpetration of crimes against society has been confirmed , because " the party does not allow any party leadership to use clout or to cover up for any corrupt individual . "
at a meeting of the women 's secretariat of the party yesterday , sunday , in which the two women ministers of manpower , and the family and population , participated , al-sherif said that the fundamental challenge for the party in the elections of the two parliament assemblies next year is the proper selection of candidates and the commitment to these selections .... " in the framework of the party 's keenness for free , transparent , and clean elections under all observation criteria and with confidence in the egyptian citizen . "
al-sherif stressed that the national party " is against corruption and rejects any corrupt people , and does not allow them to exist inside the party . "
he also said that the party 's office board has dismissed a number of party members ( he did not name them ) who perpetrated crimes against society .... " the party does not allow any party leadership to use clout or to cover up for any corrupt individual . "
he said that the level of change in the committees of the party units , which is the largest organizational party base across the country , has reached 65 % , and that the level of change in the secretaries of these units has reached 38 % .... and this is evidence of the party 's renewal of its blood and its ability to drive new generations to assume the responsibility , noting that the ruling party will experience intensified political activity during the next phase .
saudi arabia reiterated yesterday that those under 12 years of age and older than 65 years are disallowed from performing the hajj obligation , and clarified that the responsibility for preventing the arrival of those wishing to perform the obligation in saudi territories falls on the shoulders of their countries .
through an official circular it described as " very important , " the saudi hajj ministry announced that it has notified all concerned countries from which the pilgrims arrive of the necessity to adhere to the recommendations of the special workshop for preventive measures against the swine influenza epidemic during the hajj season this year .
moreover , dr. sahl saban , the under-secretary for pilgrim affairs of the hajj ministry , explained to asharq al-awsat that limiting the age of the pilgrims arriving this year is their countries ' responsibility , and saudi arabia does not obligate them to a specific age , but it demands that they abide by it .
on the other hand , the saudi hajj ministry notified all official hajj missions during meetings with them of the sanitary requirements they must adhere to in order to secure the pilgrims ' health , preserve their safety , and protect them against swine flu and other infectious and contagious diseases ,
and to refer back to the recommendations , to the need to take the preventive vaccine against the h1n1a virus known as swine influenza by all pilgrims and residents of the holy sites , and those who work in the service of the pilgrims , if it is available and approved by the scientific authorities , as well as the seasonal influenza vaccine , before traveling to the holy sites by at least two weeks .
prince khalid bin sultan , the saudi assistant defense minister , said that the saudi prince heir , prince sultan bin abd al-aziz , is in good health and has passed from the medical treatment phase into the convalescence phase .
prince khalid al-aziz praised the joint training still ongoing between the saudi air force mission and a french air force at the dijon military air base , emphasizing the desire by saudi arabia to strengthen strategic relations and cooperation between it and france in all areas .
the saudi assistant defense minister did not announce any additional defense contracts , but he left the door open for such developments in the future , according to saudi arabia 's needs and priorities .
prince khalid 's statements were made during the inspection visit of the saudi air mission he carried out yesterday at the dijon military base , where it has been conducting joint military training with units of the french air force since the first of the current month .
the saudi force , which is participating in the " green shield 2 " training , will remain until the 19 of this current month , the date of its return to saudi arabia on a direct flight from dijon to al-ta 'if that will last seven hours and during which the jets will be refueled in the air .
participating are six saudi f-15 model fighter jets , fourteen pilots , and the entire technical and logistic crews .
yesterday , at al-yamama palace , the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdallah bin abd al-aziz , received prince turki bin abdallah bin abd al-rahman and prince khalid bin saud the great , who expressed their thanks and gratitude for his condolences and consolation at the death of their mother , god have mercy on her .
the custodian of the two holy mosques prayed to god , all glory and majesty to him , to embrace the deceased with his vast mercy and make her inhabit the expanse of his paradise , and to inspire her family and relatives with forbearance and solace . the reception was attended by the foreign minister prince saud al-faisal , and a number of officials .
elsewhere , the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdallah bin abd al-aziz , congratulated dr. hamad bin sulayman al-bazi 'i , the new saudi deputy finance minister , on the occasion of his appointment to his new post at an outstanding echelon , as he received him yesterday at al-yamama palace in riyadh , asking god , all glory and majesty to him , to grant him success in the work entrusted to him , in the service of his religion and nation .
for his part , dr. al-bazi 'i expressed his thanks and gratitude to king abdallah for the royal confidence , praying the lord , all glory and majesty to him , grant him success so that he may rise to the good opinion that the leadership has of him . the reception was attended by prince saud al-faisal , finance minister dr. ibrahim al- ' assaf , and a number of officials .
the residents of the nahr el-bared palestinian refugee camp in the lebanese north staged a sit-in yesterday on martyrs square in downtown beirut , at the call of the civil advocacy committee for the nahr el-bared camp , in order to demand the resumption of reconstruction works in the camp , which was destroyed during the war it witnessed in may ( may ) 2007 against the fatah al-islam organization .
during the excavation operations , historic ruins were discovered in the camp , and the council of ministers decided to fill them up and proceed with the construction operations . but the change and reform bloc , which is led by deputy michel aoun , submitted a contestation of the decision before the state consultative council , which halted the construction operation pending the issuance of a decision .
hundreds of people from the camps of lebanon participated in the sit-in , with representatives of lebanese society associations , the leadership of the palestinian resistance factions , led by palestinian national council member ali faisal , and an official of the popular front in lebanon , marwan abd al- ' al .
the protestors raised banners and slogans demanding " an end of the suffering of the people of the camp ( nahr el-bared ) by speeding its construction operation , " in addition to the flags of palestine and lebanon .
jumana mer 'i , who spoke on behalf of lebanese civil society associations , demanded that the lebanese government " immediately begin the construction of nahr el-bared . "
the coordinator of the civil advocacy committee , nawal hassan , appealed to the presidents of the republic , general michel sulayman , of the national assembly , nabih berri , and of the caretaker government , fuad al-siniora , for equanimity for the people of al-bared who stood by the side of the lebanese army in eliminating terrorism , and the immediate intervention to speed up the construction of the camp and end the suffering of more than 40,000 palestinians displaced from the nahr el-bared camp .
about three months after their withdrawal from basra toward their bases in kuwait , it is hoped that the british forces will return again to complete their missions of training and qualifying the iraqi forces , and protecting the oil platforms with a force consisting of 100 soldiers . this comes after yesterday 's approval by the iraqi parliament of the security agreement between the two countries regulating the presence of those troops in iraq .
the last of the british force withdrew from iraq late last july ( july ) after the iraqi council of representatives failed at that time to ratify the agreement .
representative abbas al-bayati of the unified iraq alliance and a member of the security and defense committee in the council of representatives , said , " today ( yesterday ) there was a vote on the british-iraqi security agreement law , and the voting won the majority . "
he added that the voting session saw the withdrawal of the sadrist bloc , which strongly opposes this agreement , " but their withdrawal did not affect the general quorum and did not hinder the council from proceeding with the voting , " according to what the reuters agency reported .
the agreement will allow 100 british soldiers in their full gear , along with supporting civilian contingents , to be present in the waters of shatt al-arab for a period of one year as of the approval date of the agreement for the protection of iraqi oil platforms , in addition to carrying out the training of iraqi forces on how to protect these platforms .
the french public prosecutor 's office ordered the incarceration of the french-algerian physicist named adlan h. after he was indicted on several charges , notably the relation with a " gang of villains with a connection to terrorist projects . "
with his official indictment on these charges by judge christophe tessier , the french judiciary will have sufficient time to conduct a thorough investigation that could last several months , after which this engineer who was working at the nuclear research center in geneva will be presented for prosecution .
he was apprehended late last week with his younger brother , and computers , compact disks , and usb keys were confiscated from their house .
however , the competent authorities said that no weapons or explosive materials , or anything related to sabotage activities , were discovered in the said house .
last saturday , the younger brother was released since the public prosecutor 's office or judge tessier found no charges to indict him on .
adlan is 32 years old and is a specialist in nuclear engineering .
the research center in geneva reported that the detainee was not , on his job , close to nuclear materials that could be used in terrorist activities .
and according to the available information in paris , adlan was under surveillance for more than a year after the french services received information from american intelligence services about connections the detainee established with terrorist groups .
the iraqi parliament continued yesterday its discussions of the elections law , amid a time challenge that obligates it to end discussion and approve it by a deadline , not beyond tomorrow .
the parliamentarians ended their session by discussing an amendment bill to the council or representatives elections law , number 16 for 2005 ,
and several of them called for not postponing the elections scheduled to be held next january ( january ) 16 . the discussion of the elections law comes at a time in which senior employees of the elections commission are being questioned on charges of fraud and tampering with the results of the governorate councils elections that took place last january ( january . )
deputy ali al- ' allaq said that " postponing the elections beyond their set time is a confiscation of citizens rights and harms the political process , " and asserted " the need to adopt the open list system . " he warned that any delay in amending the law leads to harming the political process and stressed the equitable distribution of the number of governorates seats .
there are several disagreements over the elections law .
a disagreement also emerged lately over the adoption of open or closed lists .
the syrian foreign minister walid mualem told asharq al-awsat that " syrian-saudi relations are warm , and whoever is not pleased with holding a syrian-saudi summit ... is in lebanon and other than lebanon . "
mualem 's comment was made in response to what is rumored in certain lebanese media about the existence of coolness in syrian-saudi relations following the convening of the syrian-saudi summit , and about syria 's position vis-à-vis turkey 's decision to cancel the air maneuvers with israel .
mualem said that syria " supports and encourages turkey in measures like these because of the continued aggression against the palestinian people in gaza , and its continued occupation of arab territories . " he added that it is natural that syria welcomes this decision because , as a neighbor to turkey , it worries about these maneuvers " and it is natural for syria to be pleased because israel is still aggressing against the palestinian people and al-aqsa mosque , and is continuing its siege of gaza and obstructing the peace process . "
mualem made these statements on the sidelines of the first meeting of the ministers of the syrian-turkish higher council on strategic cooperation .
mualem told asharq al-awsat that syria is open to strong strategic relations with turkey and that the ties between the two countries are strong , from the standpoint of the facts of geography , history , and social ties .
the syrian-turkish ministerial meeting , which began its proceedings yesterday , addressed among others , the topic of political , military , and security cooperation , whereby the expansion and bolstering of military cooperation between them was discussed in the framework of the adana agreement between the two countries . both syria and turkey have conducted joint military maneuvers , and a new maneuver is expected to be conducted next friday .
on thursday , palestinian foreign minister riyad al-maliki called for more support of the recommendations in the controversial united nations report , which condemns israel 's position during its war on gaza , through a discussion at the security council next week . maliki said , " we call on all countries to express their opinion ( during the october / october 14 session ) , and to focus on the importance of approving the recommendations of this report . "
the report by judge richard goldstone accuses israel specifically of committing " war crimes and possible crimes against humanity " during its war on the gaza strip last december / december and january / january . "
the report , which also accuses the hamas movement that controls the gaza strip , recommends that both parties conduct investigations of the events that occurred during that war .
it also recommends that the security council consult with the prosecutor of the criminal court in case no progress is achieved in six months of investigations that should be undertaken by each of the two parties .
al-maliki explained that , during the wednesday discussion , he will personally submit to the security council the palestinian viewpoint on the recommendations of the goldstone report .
a wide study undertaken by the independent research center , " pew research center , " and published thursday in the united states , showed that followers of the islamic religion represent approximately a quarter of the earth 's population , i.e. 1.57 billion people .
the study , which gathered information from over 200 hundred countries and is considered by the american center " the largest project of this type until now , " said that about two-thirds of muslims live in asia .
the study also indicated that one out of every five muslims lives in the far east or in north africa , although muslims represent the majority in over half of the 20 countries of the region .
indonesia is the country with the largest number of muslims in the world , totaling approximately 203 million people ( 88 % of the population ) and these represent about 13 % of muslims in the world .
the number of muslims in pakistan totals 174 million people ( 96 % of the population ) , while in india their number is almost 161 million people ( 13.4 % of the population ) .
additionally , followers of the sunni sect in the world represent a percentage ranging from 87 % to 97 % , compared with 10 % to 13 % for adherents of the shiite sect , 70 million of whom live in iran .
egypt holds the largest number of muslims in the region , consisting of the far east and north africa , while nigeria holds the largest percentage of muslims living in africa south of the sahara .
the pew center stated that about 38 million muslims live in europe , including 16 million in russia , 4 million in germany and 3.5 million muslims in france .
the number of muslims in the americas totals 4.6 million people , more than half of whom ( 2.5 million muslims ) live in the united states .
ortwine , vice president of exxonmobil development company and a member of the advisory board of exxonmobil 's women 's economic opportunity initiative , commented , saying , " the clearest results we have arrived at after the discussions is that , when providing economic opportunities to women ,
the scope of opportunities usually extends to others ,
as opportunities are common to one goal , raising the living standard of many , and with that , the return on investment in women is of multiple dimensions ,
offering widespread social advantages in greater economic growth and less poverty . "
exxonmobil hosted the round table entitled " women as an economic force , " which was convened on the last work day of the seventh summit of the company councils for africa ( cca ) ( work opportunities between the united states and africa ) , held every two years , entitled recognizing the african investment force .
participants in the round table referred to the opportunities that help enhance economic growth in africa by unleashing the economic capacities of women .
the session was the first session of its kind in the summit , focusing on the economic role of women . over 1,500 individuals participated in this session , including heads of state , government officials , and company presidents from all over the world .
the most prominent participants in the round table included melanne verveer , us ambassador-at-large for global women 's issues at the american state department , yunus kadhimi , malawi minister of commerce and private sector development , dr. jennifer riria , executive director of the kenyan fund for financing women and vice president of the women 's international banking institute , dr. imica nuwanku , executive director of vertical optimization llc , and kah walla , director of strategies company , among the largest consulting companies - owned by women in cameroon - competing in the african markets .
the american newspapers believe that barack obama , " embarrassed " by winning the nobel peace prize , faces a sensitive phase domestically , represented by the need to make a decision on sending or not sending reinforcements to afghanistan , and the need to decide on the issue of reforming the health system .
a few hours after being awarded the nobel peace prize , the american president put on his commander-in-chief hat and held his fourth meeting of the war council to conduct decisive discussions on the strategy that must be followed in afghanistan .
an official of the american administration told agence france presse , " the president has held extensive talks on policy and security in afghanistan and about the options aimed at building a strategy that should push matters forward . "
in the next weeks , obama will be called on to make one of the most important decisions of his term .
in the face of the deterioration of the situation in the field , he will have to decide on deploying or not deploying tens of thousands of additional soldiers as the commander of american and international forces in afghanistan , general stanley mcchrystal , is asking for .
marina ottaway of the carnegie research on peace group told npr radio that obama 's winning of the nobel peace prize due to his " extraordinary efforts to enhance international diplomacy and cooperation among the peoples " could " make it harder than ever for him , to announce sending military reinforcements " to afghanistan .
the expert explained , " at the same time , all indicators show he does not want to do so in an initial phase . "
special american envoy to the middle east george mitchell met saturday with palestinian prime minister salam fayyad , according to an official palestinian source in ramallah ( west bank ) .
no statement was issued at the conclusion of this meeting that took place at the headquarters of the american general consulate in western jerusalem .
mitchell , who has intensified his visits to the region in recent months , on friday , renewed washington 's support for coexistence between israel and a palestinian state , at the conclusion of talks with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
according to israeli public radio , mitchell will meet saturday evening in jerusalem with two netanyahu advisors to discuss moving the peace negotiations forward , although his mission is taking place amid a pessimistic climate .
according to a source close to the palestinian authority , a new meeting may take place sunday with netanyahu .
in august / august , fayyad submitted an agenda that provides for establishing a palestinian state from now until 2011 , without waiting for the conclusion of negotiations with israel , which hastened to reject any unilateral announcement of such a state .
in a rare meeting between them on friday night , hezbollah secretary general hasan nasrallah , one of the leaders of the parliamentary minority in lebanon , and mp walid jumblatt , one of the majority leaders , welcomed the joint syrian-saudi call to form a government in lebanon .
a joint statement issued at the conclusion of the meeting explained that " regarding the syrian - saudi summit , the two parties agreed on the positive indications of this great meeting ( .... )
thus there is a welcome for any initiative to form a lebanese government , the last of which were the joint syrian-saudi calls to overcome the lebanese crisis and form a national unity government . "
the statement added that the two parties " agreed on the need to overcome obstacles that prevent the establishment of this future government as soon as possible . "
the last meeting between the shiite and druze leaders goes back to last june / june 19 , when they had their first meeting in three years .
during the confrontations that took place in may / may 2008 between the supporters of the majority and the minority in several areas of lebanon , bloody battles took place in the areas with a druze majority in mount lebanon , between hezbollah fighters and partisans of the progressive socialist party led by jumblatt .
the joint announcement comes two days after the saudi-syrian summit , which hezbollah stressed will have " extraordinary importance . "
on thursday , in damascus , syrian president bashar al assad and saudi monarch king abdullah bin abdulaziz stressed the proximity between their two countries after years of tension , and affirmed the need to form a national unity government in lebanon .
egypt scored a point with france 's agreement to return five pharaonic wall paintings over 3,000 years old that were in the louvre museum , but its attempts to recover other artifacts on display in major museums in the world have not yet succeeded .
the president of the egyptian supreme council of antiquities zahi hawass , who has made recovering archeological pieces that have left egypt his main concern , announced wednesday the suspension of cooperation with the louvre , unless the five " stolen " pieces are returned to egypt .
this decision is considered very important , as egypt had previously cut off its relations with three museums , including the american saint louis museum . however , it is the first time it has taken such a measure with a major institution like the louvre .
the director of international cooperation at the supreme council of antiquities , jehan zaki , told agence france presse that the archeological pieces at the louvre " must be returned to egyptian territory because they are part of our cultural heritage , and because they are very important from a scientific standpoint . "
france stressed that the five archeological pieces , which were taken from the tombs of the nobles of the eighteenth dynasty on the west side of luxor , will be quickly returned .
the director of the louvre museum , henri loyrette , expressed his opinion that " these artifacts should never have left their original home . "
the recovery of these pieces is attributed to the effort undertaken by zahi hawass , who , since assuming his post in 2002 , has made egypt 's recovery of its heritage a priority .
hawass said last january / january , " what was stolen from us must be returned " .
but the return of these paintings , each of which is 15 cm in width and 30 cm in height , does not mean the start of the return of other , more important , artifacts .
china , japan , and north korea called saturday for a " quick resumption " of the sextet negotiations on the north korean nuclear issue , also pledging wider regional cooperation on other topics , including the climate .
on saturday at the people 's palace in the chinese capital , chinese prime minister wen jiabao received his japanese counterpart yukio hatoyama and south korean president lee myung-bak in the framework of a small summit , the second after a first summit convened in december in fukuoka in japan .
the talks focused specifically on the north korean nuclear issue .
the leaders of the three countries said in a joint statement : " we are still insisting on dialogue and negotiations , and we continue to work by peaceful means to continue to make the korean peninsula free of nuclear weapons . "
they added , " we will exert joint efforts with the other parties for a quick resumption of the sextet talks to maintain peace and stability in north east asia and build an asia that enjoys peace , harmony , and prosperity . "
north korea , which has conducted two nuclear experiments and launched missiles , withdrew in april from the sextet negotiations in which the two koreas , the united states , china , japan , and russia are participating after sanctions against it were imposed by the united nations .
china is sponsoring these negotiations that were launched in 2003 to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear aspirations .
peking is considered a close ally of north korea , but it opposes a nuclear weapons race in the region .
wen updated the japanese and south korean officials on his visit early in the week to pyongyang , where the north korean leader kim jong-il stressed his country 's intention to resume negotiations on condition that it holds direct dialogue with the united states .
wen told reporters after the mini-summit , " we are in front of an opportunity , and we must not let it go , " stressing that north korea showed " flexibility . "
he added , " north korea hopes to improve its relations not only with the united states , but also with japan and south korea . "
for his part , the south korean president stated , " the presence of kim jong-il with us here today would have been a good thing . "
he stressed , " north korea should know that the goal is not to resume the sextet negotiations , but rather its participation in the process , and giving up its nuclear program . "
japanese prime minister hatoyama , who is on his first visit to china since assuming office last month , mentioned the importance his country attaches to the problem of the japanese kidnapped by the north korean intelligence agencies in the 1970s and 1980s to teach japanese to pyongyang agents .
the three parties affirmed , " they want to work together ( ... ) in order to contribute to the success of the copenhagen conference " on climate change that will be held in december / december .
china , one of the leading countries causing pollution , refuses to have terms imposed on it regarding reducing green house emissions , and demands that the industrial countries assume their historic responsibilities , and it also called on them to offer financial assistance to the developing countries in this regard .
on sunday , a prominent leader of the hamas movement stressed that no agreement was reached on a new date for the dialogue session during which a reconciliation agreement is set to be signed between the hamas and fatah movements .
in a speech before thousands of students at a rally organized by the student wing of hamas at the islamic university in gaza " in support of al aqsa mosque , " khalil al hayeh , a member of the hamas political office , said , " no agreement was reached ( between hamas and egypt ) on a specific date to sign the ( reconciliation ) agreement . "
al hayeh added to the applauding crowd , " there is no going back ( ... ) on the reconciliation decision and we push forward , prepare the circumstances and climate , and seek the best time to sign the reconciliation agreement because reconciliation is in the interest of everyone . "
he stressed , " jerusalem is the headline of our cause and we are preparing fighters ( ... ) to be the next army of jerusalem . "
during the saturday meeting , egypt submitted a proposal to the delegation of hamas movement leaders " to end the crisis " following the movement 's request to postpone the date of signing the reconciliation agreement , which had been set for october / october 26 , in protest over withdrawing the goldstone report from the discussions .
the united nations human rights council decided to postpone the vote on the goldstone report to its next cycle , which will be held in march / march 2010 .
the report specifically accuses israel of committing " war crimes " during its attack on the gaza strip , which lasted from last december / december 27 to january / january 18 , and which resulted in the killing of over 1,400 palestinians , mostly civilians , according to palestinian medical sources .
monday , the united nations stabilization mission in haiti announced that the bodies of eleven united nations forces members ( six from uruguay and five from jordan ) who were killed friday in a united nations plane accident in haiti , will be transferred friday to their countries .
the mission added that a farewell ceremony will be held for the victims tuesday morning in the camp of the brazilian soldiers of the united nations .
the mission statement said , " the bodies of the victims were recovered from the accident site last saturday and taken to port-au-prince , in preparation for returning them to their countries directly after the farewell ceremonies . "
the eleven soldiers were on a reconnaissance mission near the border of the dominican republic when their plane crashed at the foot of a mountain .
haitian prime minister michele pierre-louis offered his condolences to the sections of the united nations mission and the families of the victims , and called for opening an investigation into the accident , according to a statement by his office on sunday .
investigators will arrive from uruguay and jordan and united nations experts will arrive in haiti to determine the causes of the accident .
the united nations mission in haiti indicated , " security measures were imposed at the accident site and it will remain under observation until all information necessary for the investigation has been collected . "
monday evening , at the conclusion of its meeting in ramallah , the palestinian government announced that the recent tour of the american envoy to the middle east , george mitchell , " did not lead to tangible progress . "
according to the statement issued by the palestinian government , of which agence france presse received a copy , mitchell 's recent visit , " in spite of its importance , did not lead to tangible progress in the efforts exerted to launch the political process and guarantee its success . "
the palestinian government believes that the israeli government is to blame for this absence of progress " due to its obstinate position and its refusal to abide by a clear and specific reference for this process . it also refuses to implement the deliverables required of it , as specified in the road map . "
the statement enumerated these deliverables , " primarily the complete and total cessation of settlement activities , especially in occupied jerusalem and its surroundings , ceasing the invasions and lifting the siege of our people , especially in the gaza strip , to enable the national authority to start implementing the sector 's rebuilding projects pursuant to obligations of the sharm al sheikh ( egypt ) conference . "
the statement explained that the palestinian government " expresses its support for the position declared by president mahmoud abbas on the requirements for the success of the international efforts exerted to launch a serious and credible political process that guarantees ending the israeli occupation in all palestinian territories occupied in 1967 , primarily the occupied city of jerusalem , and enables our people to achieve self-determination in a fully sovereign independent state with eastern jerusalem as its capital , as a key for peace , stability , and security in the region . "
monday , turkey called on the european union to highlight a fair tally of the progress achieved by ankara regarding its possible joining of the european union , in its annual report on the reforms in this country , expected to be issued this week .
deputy prime minister cemil çiçek told reporters following the government 's meeting that turkey is expecting from the european union that " this reports objectively , and in a balanced manner , reflecting all important reforms and initiatives we have undertaken all year . "
çiçek , who is also a government spokesperson , expressed the opinion that joining the european union is a strategic goal for turkey and a priority for the government . "
he added that the european union " cannot ignore turkey 's determination ( ... ) and the contribution it would offer the union when it becomes a full member of it . "
european diplomatic sources in brussels said that the latter is criticizing turkey on the issue of some basic rights , but it will adopt a calm tone on the issue of cyprus for fear of affecting the sensitive negotiations on reuniting the island .
a diplomatic source told agence france press that in the report to be issued on october / october 14 , the european commission would criticize turkey in the area of freedom of the press and also " religious freedom , crimes of honor and disrespect of some basic rights . "
on the other hand , the commission welcomed the normalization agreements between turkey and armenia . on saturday , after the signing of these agreements in zurich , the commission expressed the opinion that what happened " is a brave step ( ... ) towards peace and stability in the southern caucuses region , and a historic decision that shows the willingness of the two sides ( to reach ) a settlement . "
ankara started negotiations on 11 of 35 chapters included in the negotiations to join the european union .
the negotiations are stumbling , especially as a result of the hesitancy of a number of european union countries towards the principle of turkey 's joining , most prominently france and germany , which are calling for granting ankara a special partnership only .
the french naval ship " la meuse " arrived sunday at the commercial port of halq al wadi in the northern district of the tunisian capital , carrying arab and foreign creative personalities on tour to " support dialogue between the two shores of the mediterranean . "
on october / october 27 , the trip was launched from the port of malta on the initiative of french writer daniel rondeau , with the participation of over 25 writers , poets , cinematographers , journalists , and members of parliament from eight arab and european countries , and will last 17 days .
among the participants in this " symbolic journey , an endeavor with political and literary dimensions , " according to organizers , are egyptian poet salah stétié , french historian françois hartog and his countryman , the journalist jean daniel , algerian writer salim bachi , and the greek takis theodoropoulos .
the journey , for which the organizers chose the slogan , " in the footsteps of ulysses , " or queen dido , the founder of carthage in 814 bc , aims to " find new ways to develop dialogue and support exchange between the two shores of the mediterranean sea " within the framework of the french project to establish a union for the mediterranean , which aspires to include the countries of the mediterranean basin , including israel , according to the announcement of the organizers at paine , of which france presse obtained a copy .
judicial and security sources said that the basque separatist leader arnaldo otegi was arrested tuesday with eight other activists suspected of attempting to " form the batasuna command , " the banned political arm of eta .
another activist not suspected of belonging to the leadership of batasuna was detained while attempting to hide documents . a judicial source said that otegi and four activists , among them a historic name in basque separatism , the leader of the lab union , rafael diez usabiaga , were detained in san sebastian ( basque country , north ) at the headquarters of the union where they were holding a secret meeting .
in the evening the ministry of interior explained that four others " who are leaders in the separatist left " were detained , two in arnani , in the basque country , and two in pamplona , in navarre .
the detention was ordered by examining magistrate baltasar garzon in madrid , who suspects that these activists have , from the beginning of the year , attempted " to reconstitute the batasuna command by following eta instructions , " as a judicial source told agence france presse .
batasuna , considered the political arm , has been banned in spain since 2003 over its relations with the armed eta organization .
police intervened following a secret meeting at the lab union headquarters , where search operations took place in the evening .
he added , " we will follow the reconciliation led by egypt to the last moment , and today we declared that we will follow , for this particular matter , to cairo . we know their stands and we know that they are inventing reasons and looking for excuses . but this is not the first time they will leave the dialogue . this time they leave under the pretext of goldstone report . "
he continued " today , egypt said , ' come to the reconciliation , ' and i am certain that tomorrow and after tomorrow they will invent any excuse , any method , and any pretext to not go to cairo , because they are comfortable with their tyrannical emirate . "
the reconciliation agreement between fateh and hamas was set to be signed on 26 of this month , under egyptian sponsorship in cairo , but the islamic movement asked to postpone the dialogue session after the palestinian authority agreed to withdraw the goldstone report , which accuses israel of committing war crimes in gaza , from the discussions of the human rights council of the united nations at the beginning of the month .
the egyptian paper , which was supposed to be signed by the palestinian factions , included an agreement on a host of issues to achieve reconciliation , including conducting elections in the middle of next year .
the secretary of the liberation organization executive committee , yasser abed raboh , said , at the same press conference , " the egyptians asked president abbas to issue a decree on the 24th of this month , scheduling the elections for next june / june . "
he added , " frankly , we accepted the egyptian proposal , but as part of a comprehensive package . "
he said , " if the comprehensive package is not accepted , including the date of the elections , next june ( june ) 28 , we will go back to the original by announcing the elections on january ( january ) 25 . "
fears prevail on the palestinian street that the hamas movement will prevent any palestinian elections from being held in the gaza strip it controls if no agreement is reached with it , which may entrench the division between gaza and the west bank .
abed raboh accused the hamas movement of trying to capitalize on postponing the goldstone report " to escape signing the internal palestinian reconciliation agreement ( ... ) with regional urging . "
he blamed " regional forces , some arab and others non-arab , that do not want success for the palestinian process , but want us to be preoccupied with an internal conflict that leads to self-destruction . "
abed raboh exposed these parties saying , " no dinner in damascus , no lunch in tehran , and no breakfast in doha can cause us to lose the palestinian paper in our hand . "
the head of the hamas political office , khaled mishal , launched a harsh attack on the palestinian authority and its president in a speech he gave sunday evening in damascus .
abed raboh continued , " the recent damascus dinner of mr. khaled mishal revealed the information we have that regional forces have instructed the hamas movement to sabotage the internal palestinian agreement project . "
in a statement on tuesday the hamas movement called for " exposing the crime of the murder " of yousef abu zuhri , the brother of the hamas movement leader in gaza , sami abu zuhri , in an egyptian jail .
the spokesperson for the egyptian ministry of interior , brigadier general hamdi abdul karim , quickly announced tuesday that yousef abu zuhri " died as a result of heart failure , which is a natural death . "
the hamas movement statement called on " egyptian and arab human rights organizations to assume their responsibilities , expose the crime , and take all necessary measures to investigate and bring the criminals to justice . "
the movement announced , " it renounces and condemns the incident of killing under torture , " and demanded " officials in egypt investigate this incident , reveal its details , and hold accountable those who caused the martyrdom of martyr yousef abu zuhri . "
the statement also called on the " egyptian leadership to immediately release the political detainees , particularly commander ayman nofal , before they are killed in prison as a result of similar torture , especially since we are starting to feel more concerned about the life of all the palestinian people detainees in egypt 's prisons . "
a blog on the internet entitled " freedom for nofal blog " stated that " egyptian security forces detained nofal in mid-january / january 2008 before the collapse of the border between gaza and egypt , and accused him of illegal entry into its territories . " this blog describes ayman nofal as " qassami , " that is , he belonged to the izzeddin qassam brigades , the military wing of the hamas movement . "
us army sergeant joshua olson returned once again to iraq after he left it in 2003 following serious injuries . he expressed his opinion that what has been achieved after six years confirms that " the sacrifices were not in vain . "
olson was seriously injured in his right hip , which is why he left iraq with seven others who were wounded .
these wounded are participating in the " honorable departure process " which will last a week , during which they will review the " changes that have been achieved as a result of their sacrifices . "
the american forces received olson and his comrades last sunday at camp victory , one of the largest american bases in iraq , near baghdad international airport .
a welcome ceremony was organized for them at " al faw " palace , one of the residences of former president saddam hussein , and each was introduced with the phrase , " you are a warrior , " with simultaneous applause and testimony that they are the most devoted .
olson ( 30 years old ) , who was injured by shrapnel from an " rpg " missile in the city of tal afar , in northwestern iraq , says " i wanted to return again because i could not complete by mission because i left " iraq .
he added " i hope that my sacrifice , like that of the rest of the americans , was not in vain for the iraqis ( ... ) and will achieve democracy for them , and grant them a normal life . "
olson believes that the situation improved because of their sacrifices so that " we no longer hear gunfire every five minutes as in the past , and calm now prevails now . "
he added , " i saw buildings under construction and commercial stores " operating on the airport road .
tuesday , the lebanese army confirmed that one citizen was hurt in an explosion that took place yesterday evening in a house in southern lebanon , explaining that the investigation is underway to " uncover the incident 's circumstances . " meanwhile , hezbollah confirmed that the explosion took place in the home of one of its members .
the army guidance directorate said in a statement : " monday night a bomb exploded in one of the homes of tair filsay , and this injured a citizen . "
he added , " army forces immediately surrounded the area and a specialized committee initiated investigations into the circumstances of the incident . "
hezbollah said in a statement , " the explosion took place in the garage of a home of one of the brothers in the town of tair filsay , which injured one person , requiring him to be taken to the hospital for treatment . "
hezbollah added , " the investigation is underway to discover the nature and cause of the explosion . " the shiite party statement continued that " talk of martyrs is devoid of truth , " in response to press information that referred to the destruction of the building and the killing of a number of people . "
tair filsay ( 20 kilometers east of tyre , in southern lebanon ) is located on the southern bank of the litani river ; in other words , the area included in international resolution 1701 , pursuant to which the war operations between israel and hezbollah stopped in the summer of 2006 , and international emergency forces reinforcing unifil and the army were deployed in the area .
wednesday , barack obama and nicolas sarkozy conducted phone discussions on the iranian nuclear issue , and the american president stressed the need for a unified front , while his french counterpart expressed hope for " decisive progress , " as the two presidents said .
the white house said that the two presidents stressed " the need to continue a unified international approach to address iranian nuclear aspirations . "
for its part , the élysée said they " expressed their hope that the revival of dialogue will lead to decisive progress in the coming weeks , in harmony with iran 's international commitments , and they mentioned that iranian cooperation will be assessed before the end of the year . "
they also discussed the issue of climate change and preparing for the copenhagen summit in the phone call described by the white house as " amicable and constructive . "
the office of the french president explained , " the presidents agreed to intensify consultations between france , the european union , and the united states to contribute to the success of the copenhagen summit . "
the major western powers suspect iran of seeking to obtain a nuclear weapon under the pretext of a civilian nuclear program , which tehran denies .
on october / october first in geneva , iran pledged to facilitate the access by international inspectors to its new site for uranium enrichment near the city of qom ( in the center ) .
the negotiations will start october / october 19 in vienna on the possibility of enriching iranian uranium in another country , which may reduce the dangers of developing a nuclear program for military purposes .
the united nations is convening a conference on the climate between december / december 7 and 18 in copenhagen in an effort to reach a new agreement on reducing greenhouse gas emissions , which would be an alternative to the kyoto protocol that expires in 2013 .
wednesday evening , israeli foreign minister avigdor lieberman demanded that the turkish ambassador in israel be called in protest over the official turkish television broadcasting a series israel regards as " encouraging hatred " of the hebrew state .
the israeli foreign ministry statement wednesday evening explained , " the minister asked to call the turkish ambassador in israel to protest the broadcast of a television series on turkish television that encourages hatred of israel . "
the statement added , " the minister regards the broadcast of this series as encouragement of the highest levels of hatred , " and it is also sponsored by the state .
the statement pointed out , " this series has absolutely no connection with reality , and presents israeli soldiers as killers of ( palestinian ) babies .
it does not deserve to be broadcast even in a country opposing ( israel ) , and certainly not in country that has full diplomatic relations with israel . "
wednesday evening , israeli television networks broadcast scenes from a weekly series on the turkish official television in which an israeli soldier is shown to purposely shoot a small girl , who is killed as she is smiling .
another program shows the image of a bullet filmed in slow motion , shot by an israeli soldier , which hits another palestinian child .
relations have become tense between israel and turkey in recent months after the unprecedented criticism directed by turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdoğan at israel over the attack on the gaza strip last winter , which led to the killing of over 1,400 , according to palestinian medical sources .
chinese president hu jintao said on wednesday that the " strategic partnership " between china and russia is witnessing " a new historic start , " on the last day of a visit to china by russian prime minister vladimir putin .
hu jintao was quoted by the official chinese radio during his talks with putin as saying , " the chinese-russian strategic partnership is currently seeing a new historic start and broader horizons open to us . "
he added , " china wants to exert an effort with the russian party to enhance strategic consultations on international issues of political , economic , security , and other dimensions , and move forward in cooperation on major commercial projects , and in the areas of energy and advanced technology . "
putin 's visit , which lasted three days , ended tuesday with the signing of contracts valued at several billion dollars , in addition to some cooperation agreements .
following his talks tuesday with his chinese counterpart , wen jiabao , putin praised what he considered an " unprecedented " level of mutual understanding between the two countries , after years of tension during the cold war .
on wednesday , the prime ministers of the six member countries of the shanghai cooperation organization ( china , russia , kazakhstan , kirghizstan , tajikistan and uzbekistan ) , who met in peking along with representatives of countries with observer status ( magnolia , iran , india and pakistan ) , approved a document on strategies that must be adopted to address the crisis and to prepare for its aftermath , without revelations .
nearly thirty years ago , ethiopia sent egypt a protest , in which it objected to the digging of al-salam canal on the pretext that it would transfer water from the nile to israel . egypt has denied that categorically , and in the opinion of some , the mere thought of it was a breach of national security .
a few weeks ago , the opposite happened , as some egyptian media accused ethiopia of planning to transfer the water of the nile to israel . the ethiopian minister of water was surprised by this claim , saying in a tone tinged with reproach and condemnation : the nile has no wings to fly and change course in the direction of israel . there is another accusation made by some egyptian media about ethiopia , that it built large dams for development work on the blue nile , which may hinder the flow of nile water to egypt , and the ethiopian prime minister denied this claim as well on many occasions .
in order to cut off all doubt with certainty , the ethiopian government decided to confirm its denials of those allegations in a practical way on the ground , so for years it hosted the egyptian irrigation minister , the sudanese minister of irrigation , and some experts ,
and subsequently it hosted a large egyptian media and parliamentary delegation , including officials and editors of national , partisan and independent newspapers , and members of the people 's assembly and shura council , and all flew in by helicopters over the headwaters of the ethiopian nile and were reassured of the absence of these alleged large dams .
prime minister dr. ahmed nazif and the ministers of health , housing , tourism , investment , culture , transportation and regional development will visit the city of luxor on saturday to inaugurate a number of service projects in the city .
he will also pursue the development of the nile corniche project , as work on its implementation starts this november .
during his visit , the prime minister will listen to an explanation by dr. samir farag , chairman of the supreme council of luxor , about the major implementations in the plan to establish a new tourism-anchorage , and he will also inaugurate the first project to serve tourists and tourism represented by the river rescue service in egypt which is to serve the sick and injured in floating hotels west and east of the river , where two rescue points were set up and equipped with all modern rescue services .
also , he will inaugurate the health insurance building which is considered a cultural move , especially after the development which took place in 52 health units , supplying the city with 40 new vehicles to make luxor a central relief medical service area and finally its majority joins the river ambulances .
nazif will inspect the project of the utilities network information center which provides all the data and maps and information related to the networks of all utilities ( water , electricity , sanitation , gas , telephone ) with digital computer maps , since this project is a continuation of the electronic government project which luxor initiated three years ago to develop the entire information technology infrastructure of the supreme council of luxor , to be one of the first governorates in egypt in this area .
the council of ministers , headed by dr. ahmed nazif , discussed yesterday the evolution of the swine flu and its relationship to the new school year , through three reports by the ministers of higher education , education , and health . they confirmed that the first days of the study carried good indicators , as no illnesses were reported in the schools , in addition to the achievement of a global attendance that ranged between 90 % and 97 % in the various governorates .
dr. magdy radi , spokesman of the prime ministry , declared that the report which was presented by dr. yousry el-gamal confirmed that the process of implementing the plan against the disease was well under way , in the light of the detailed plans prepared by the governorates in accordance with the nature of each governorate , and through coordination between the ministry and the ministries of health , media , and local development , pointing out that the step of reducing the density of the students in the classroom is the primary focus of the plan , in addition to guaranteeing hygiene and ventilation in schools , and the plan of an intensive awareness for students , parents and faculty .
the report emphasized that it is not expected that there will be negative repercussions from these actions on the implementation of the education development program and schedule , especially with regard to the overall evaluation and the advancement of teachers , and increasing the content of activities in the educational process , and that the ministry deals with the possible consequences for the educational process by providing educational services through the channels that it provides in coordination with the ministry of information .
egypt must be credited for its unique ability to invest in the atmosphere of despair and frustration at home and the israelis ' feelings of excessive pride in developing and implementing a brilliant plan of deceit in its tactical and strategic axes by crafty moves both at home and abroad .
the façade of egypt 's political and diplomatic move across the entire globe automatically creates an impression for all that the only option before us is to seek and gasp after a peaceful solution , and that the chances of egypt to venture and launch a war against israel to regain its territories were weak at best , if not impossible !
the letters of president sadat to a large number of heads of states of the world since the beginning of 1973 include a basic formula , which is the urgency to seek help and make all possible efforts to achieve an honorable and peaceful solution that eliminates the effects of the june 1967 aggression .
then came the ' arab ' sadat 's quick and sudden tour in august 1973 , in other words a few weeks before the start of the war , to complement the wonderful strategic and tactical deception , where it was then said that president sadat 's visit to saudi arabia and qatar was to ask for help and support to save the egyptian economy which reached near zero , although his stopover in damascus had only aimed to persuade president assad into involving syria with egypt in only a bet on a peaceful solution and the exclusion of a military solution in light of what was produced by the policy of detente between the superpowers in terms of the serious distortions in the balance of power in favor of israel , which enjoys the favor of absolute american support .
the empowerment of women and preparation for convening the african forum for the development of women 's entrepreneurship in the private sector , to be held under the auspices of mrs. suzanne mubarak during the period from the 27th to the 29th of this october , were the focus of the meeting held by ms. aisha abdelhadi , minister of the labor force and immigration , with dr. yousif alkerioni , director of the office of the organization of international labor in egypt and north africa .
the minister said that the forum , held under the auspices of the president 's wife , will be attended by representatives of african women from 22 countries with trilateral representation that represents governments , business owners and workers , alongside civil society organizations , noting that the forum will be held in cairo in coordination between the ministry and the regional office of the organization in ethiopia and cairo and the african development bank .
she added that the forum will discuss the impact of the global financial crisis on the development of african women , focusing on integration and cooperation at the trilateral level and the empowerment of women and the study of creating a program to develop women 's projects and promoting sustainable development projects for women .
the minister maintained that the organization confirmed that holding this forum in egypt comes as the fruit of cooperation and continuous coordination between egypt and the organization and in the framework of egypt 's keenness to activate the troika .
in her meeting with representatives of the world bank mission and the un development fund for women in cairo in the presence of dina assaf , regional director of the fund , a number of projects of joint cooperation were discussed .
dr. nasr el-sayed , assistant minister of health for preventive medicine , declared that the death case was of a 23 year old woman from the governorate of giza , and she was held at sadr hospital in abbassiya ,
and he pointed out that the dead woman had previously been undergoing treatment at a private clinic ,
and that she came to sadr hospital on wednesday afflicted with a steep decline in breathing function , and she died yesterday .
the assistant minister of health said : the cases of new afflictions include 5 cases in the schools , including two in cairo at the ma 'arif preparatory school in halmiyat al-zaitoun and the saint claire private school in nuzha , and two in a class at naga hilal in sohag , and there was a case of affliction at al-shaimaa elementary school in the montazah neighborhood of alexandria .
nasr el-sayed said : the three classes where new cases emerged have been closed ,
and he pointed out that there are two cases of affliction in ain shams university by a student in the faculty of arts , who is the sister of the student at rajak school whose affliction with the disease was confirmed four days before .
he explained that there is another case in the faculty of languages and she is the sister of the afflicted student in dar al-ma 'arif school and that they had returned from saudi arabia .
despite the significant progress that has occurred in the geneva negotiations between iran and the countries of the western alliance about the prospects for a political settlement of the iranian nuclear issue , which were attended by the americans for the first time and which appeared by the acceptance of all parties to continue negotiations in a second meeting to be held before the end of this month ,
despite the statement by the director of the international atomic energy agency dr. mohamed el-baradei , in his recent visit to iran , of tehran 's approval to open up its new uranium enrichment site near the city of qom , on which it began construction in 2006 without notifying the international atomic energy agency to the un inspectors , and its declaration that it does not have any other facilities besides the site of qom that have not been announced , western suspicions are still pursuing the iranians , accusing them of cheating , lying and deception in negotiation , and the lack of transparency and deliberately hiding the facts , and the constant quest to maneuver and gain more time in order to continue the iranian military program to produce a nuclear weapon .
the western and israeli intelligence apparatuses are still competing for the leakage of conflicting reports , talking mostly about iran 's resumption of work on its military program , which the united states has announced that it had virtually stopped in 2003 , and some confirm the success of tehran in the design and manufacture of the equipment required for making nuclear warheads that could be carried by the iranian shahab-3 missile to a distance of 2,000 kilometers , close to the coast of southern europe , could threaten the security of israel and a number of countries in the middle east .
it is possible to benefit from the specialized medical centers in mansoura and to consider it an international medical city serving the patients of the nation and of other nations , which yields benefits , and moral and material gains for our beloved egypt especially as the reality testifies that it has actually become a medical city of the highest standard , but lacks only an official announcement of that .
as mansoura currently includes several medical centers inside the university campus , it has succeeded over the years of its age in treating millions of patients who consider it their mecca to which they go for their health and to relieve their pains .
for example , the kidney center , the most famous in the world , to which huge numbers from all nations come , among them not only patients but doctors , too , who attend courses at it and benefit from its expertise that beats and surpasses many advanced nations in this field .
not only the kidney center , but there is a lot more that distinguishes mansoura from others . for example , not limited to the tumor center with its exotic surgeries , the digestive system center that has so far succeeded in transplanting 60 livers , besides the pediatric , emergency , and eye centers , and the expectation to start service soon in the centers for women , neurology , and orthopedic surgery .
days after the international security council adopted its resolution number 1887 , which calls for work towards a world free of nuclear weapons in an apparent response to the initiative of american president barack obama to begin work on nuclear disarmament which was announced in prague last april ,
the international nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament agency , which is considering an international initiative sponsored by the governments of australia and japan to stimulate the global political dialogue about the need for a world free of nuclear weapons and to return to cairo to hold a regional meeting .
because the matter is of particular importance in the middle east , which is witnessing a state of constant tension , whether because of the israeli nuclear program , which no one knows its truth and dimensions , or because of iran 's nuclear program , which arouses a state of ongoing tension between tehran and the west , while the whole middle east is standing as spectators waiting for what may result in this case ,
it is necessary to know closely what may be achieved by that international body of results in this regard and the extent of its success in committing the various countries , and in particular the nuclear ones , to work to reduce nuclear proliferation , if not to take the world to nuclear phase zero , so this dialogue was with gareth evans , co-chair of the international nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament agency and former australian foreign minister .
germany comes in third place after the united states of america and england in attracting foreign students to study at its universities , and their number is estimated at 234,000 students , mostly from china , turkey and eastern europe , then the arab and islamic worlds .
however , a recent study conducted by the information system of the german universities has revealed that a quarter of the foreign students fail in their studies in germany and leave without achieving their objective which they came for .
the main obstacles facing foreign students according to the study - besides problems of cultural adjustment - is the german education system , which allows great freedom for students to choose the most suitable academic subjects , and german students can usually deal with this system , but foreign students who grew up in an educational system based on dictation and following what material the teachers determine without discussion or reflection face considerable difficulty ,
also , foreign students from china and the arab world who are accustomed to the imposition of control upon them face problems in the german system , which makes each student check himself , which means that the student who does not initiate scientific research and development himself and address his professors may find himself anchored to his place for years without anybody paying attention to him .
prime minister dr. ahmed nazif emphasized the importance of protecting government information and working to counter the waves of piracy and penetration of electronic information systems spreading in the world ,
pointing out that these new phenomena represent a threat to the various data and information bases .
this came during a meeting that was held yesterday by the prime minister and was attended by the ministers of economic development , administrative development , and communications , and the director of the center for information and decision-making support , which is a subordinate of the council of ministers .
council of ministers spokesman dr. magdy radhi declared that the meeting discussed the need to train human cadres and the ministries ' need to establish the post of director of operational information to act as an essential coordinator , to support and organize the information in each ministry , and to deal with it .
radhi pointed out that the meeting called for the need to follow the standard specifications in dealing with information and commitment to program packages and the infrastructure available to government agencies , besides abiding by policies and priorities for implementing information programs , according to the interests of the state .
dr. ahmed darwish , minister of administrative development , emphasized during the meeting that the most important of the priorities of his ministry is the development of standard specifications for the exchange of information and data , which includes the common documentation of data .
and unifying the method of its compilation and dissemination , and the frameworks for its circulation .
and coordination among the different agencies , and through it , helping them technically to create websites and disseminate information through them .
after the signing of historic agreements to normalize relations with armenia , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said that opening the border is linked to progress on the issue of nagorno-karabakh . erdogan described the signing of a protocol to normalize relations with armenia as an important step ,
and he expressed his wishes that the armenian president would visit turkey after tomorrow , in response to the official invitation made to him by turkish president abdullah gul .
and he expressed his optimism about a solution to the problem between azerbaijan and armenia .
he added that solving the problem of azerbaijan 's nagorno-karabakh region contributes to the turkish parliament 's approval of the historic agreement with armenia .
turkish newspapers welcomed the signing of the agreements between turkey and armenia , and considered it a historic step , but warned that pursuit of this path will be filled with obstacles .
for its part , azerbaijan denounced its ally turkey 's agreement to normalize its relations with armenia , amid warnings that opening the border between ankara and yerevan may provoke a state of instability in the volatile south caucasus region .
the azeri foreign ministry said in a statement that the normalization of relations between turkey and armenia before the withdrawal of armenian forces from the occupied azeri territories is in direct conflict with the interests of azerbaijan and reflects on the spirit of brotherly relations between ankara and baku that are deeply rooted in history .
the azeri statement added that azerbaijan believes that the step to open the border between turkey and armenia is unilateral , raising questions about the process of peace and stability in the region .
the parliamentary elections to be held near the end of next year ( 2010 ) take on a particular importance that has not been enjoyed by any previous elections since the 1952 revolution , as these elections will define the map of the presidential elections that will take place the following year , as according to the results of the 2010 elections , it will become clear how many parties will be able to put forward a candidate in the elections of 2011 .
but the importance of the upcoming parliamentary elections in this area exceeds that of the previous ones that were held in 2000 , because they are taking place at a moment in which the question about the future of egypt is widespread , and the interest in it is expanding , particularly abroad .
therefore these elections deserve to draw special attention , and to keep open the door of thought about the best system on the foundation of which they can run . in this case , the women 's quota system that has been adopted should not be the last word .
we have more than a year in front of us until the date of parliamentary elections . a full session of the people 's assembly still remains . this means that there is an opportunity to rethink the electoral system in general , and the path that will achieve a reasonable representation of women in particular , so long as such representation is necessary to develop the political life in our country .
if it turns out that this can be achieved better and with stronger content , but through another system , it becomes necessary to consider the matter detached from the logic that there will be nothing that can possibly be more amazing than what used to be .
the fact is that the electoral system with the proportional party list allows the representation of women to reach the required level , but this representation gives true content at the time when it is given a better shape , whether at home or in front of the international community .
this system also provides an opportunity for better representation of the parties as well , which are considered the basis of the political system by the constitution in article v.
secretary of the executive committee of the palestinian liberation organization yasser abd rabbo revealed a comprehensive project for national reconciliation which egypt has delivered to palestinian president mahmoud abbas , and he explained that the project provides solutions to all of the issues , including setting a date for presidential and legislative elections .
abd rabbo confirmed that the executive committee of the liberation organization will discuss the egyptian document at a meeting , pointing to the presence of a positive inclination to sign it by all factions to facilitate egypt 's mission and to block the way for hamas 's attempts to delay and prevent reconciliation , as he said .
he added that if hamas refuses the egyptian document , the palestinian leadership will resort to the solution provided for by law via issuing a presidential decree this october 25 , the constitutional deadline for elections .
on the other hand , french consul in the occupied city of jerusalem frédéric desagneaux said that a delegation from the french presidency recently met with senior syrian and qatari officials and asked them to have damascus and doha pressure hamas to end the palestinian division .
a media exchange and a war of declarations took place between the movements of fatah and hamas yesterday , as the fatah movement considered the speech which the president of the political bureau of the hamas movement khaled meshaal delivered the day before yesterday evening expressing a decision made by his movement to kill the palestinian reconciliation , and to kill the egyptian efforts to achieve it , and the member of the central committee of the fatah movement hussain al-sheikh in his comments to agence france-presse said that meshaal 's speech is considered a political jumble and expressed a decision to bury the reconciliation .
engineer ahmed el maghraby , minister of housing , utilities , and urban development , confirmed that the draft law regulating potable water and sanitation aims to protect investments in this sector through legislation that criminalizes the infringement of installations and water and waste companies , abuse and promotion of inaccurate information about the poor condition of drinking water or its contamination without evidence ,
and the housing minister said , during his meeting with the board of directors of the organization of drinking water , sanitation and consumer protection , that the law aims at attracting private investment through organizing private sector involvement and the presence of a strong regulatory body to guarantee the rights of all parties .
the law is also working to develop a system of licensing that obligates service providers , whether public or private , with technical , economic and financial standards to ensure safe service delivery to citizens in accordance with international standards .
he explained that the law is working to integrate scattered legislation into one legislation that governs the sector and regulates the relationship among its parties .
for his part , engineer mohamed al-alfi , assistant to the minister and executive director of the organization of water regulation , said that during the meeting international experiences were reviewed in the field of service delivery and management , including the experiences of brazil , chile , england , and australia .
ambassador ramzy ezzeddine , egypt 's ambassador to berlin , said that egypt is a strong candidate to cooperate with a large number of german businessmen in the field of producing new and renewable energy , stressing the need to codify the situation with regard to the production and sale of new and renewable energy and the development of the necessary legal framework in preparation for this cooperation .
during his inspection yesterday of the participating egyptian wing in the anuga international fair held in cologne , germany , he said that most german companies are willing to cooperate with egypt in this area , especially since the potential for generating new and renewable energy is available in egypt , whether solar energy or wind energy .
the ambassador disclosed that small and medium enterprises are the backbone of the german economy , as they are the ones that invest abroad and deal in export and import , and therefore it is the sector that egyptian businessmen should create some sort of communication with .
for his part , tamer safwat , executive director of the egyptian exporters association , revealed the consent of 200 international companies to participate in the foodgate gathering to be held in sharm el-sheikh during next december 6-8 , which aims at the introduction of the food industry in egypt in order to attract supermarkets such as global carrefour ( france ) , sainsbury 's ( england ) and curtin le ( spain ) to buy from egypt .
majority sources revealed that thursday , the day after tomorrow , will be a crucial day concerning the issue of forming the government and that the picture will be clear to saad hariri , prime minister-designate , to capture the true intentions of the opposition on the question of the formation and the extent to which syria intervened in the opposition .
the majority party source told al-ahram that hariri has a communications program with the opposition that may end thursday , the program upon which very much depended , and it is expected to be crucial , adding that the positions have not budged and that the change that occurred after the syrian-saudi summit was limited to damascus calling representatives of hezbollah and the amal movement to inform them about some of the details that may serve the interests of the birth of the government .
parliament member nabil nicolas of the opposition free patriotic movement confirmed that for the time being the formation of the government was taking place as agreed between the prime minister-designate saad hariri and president of the change and reform bloc , parliament member michel aoun , pointing out that things are happening out of the media in order to avoid obstruction and to reach a result .
and he said that decision of the meeting between general aoun and the prime minister-designate belonged to each of the two teams , and when the time becomes appropriate , they will discuss the matters of portfolios and names .
he explained that they could reach a national unity government if no disablement took place by those betting on the u.s. project by rejecting the 15-10-5 formula .
amid warm hospitality and unprecedented official and popular interest , president hosni mubarak began talks yesterday in the hungarian capital budapest with president laszlo solyom ,
during the first visit by an egyptian leader to the state of hungary since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries in 1928 ,
a visit that will last three days , and is the first leg of president mubarak 's european tour which includes hungary , slovenia , croatia , and italy .
upon the arrival of egyptian president hosni mubarak , the hungarian - egyptian summit began with bilateral talks between the two presidents which lasted more than half an hour ,
then began the extended talks joined by the members of the two countries ' delegations .
the talks dealt with the egyptian vision for the peace process in the middle east , especially the palestinian issue ,
and ways to return to final status negotiations between the palestinians and israel , and the european role in the peace process ,
and the situation in sudan , iraq and afghanistan .
the talks particularly focused on strengthening cooperation between the two countries in all fields , especially the economic and commercial fields ,
and opening the way for egyptian exports to hungary , and from there to eastern and central europe , and increasing hungarian investments in egypt .
tunisia gained two points in the ranking of the human development index prepared by the united nations development program for the year 2009 , from among 182 countries .
presented by the tunis office of the united nations development program yesterday at the laico hotel , in the capital , in the presence of a group of experts and academicians in the areas of statistics and economy , the report warned that the world 's countries were still witnessing a considerable disparity in life expectancy indicators between poor and rich countries .
the un report , which was launched globally in bangkok three days ago , further said that many countries suffered a setback over the past years as a result of economic crises , armed conflicts , and the spread of aids , but it did not include the effects of the current global crisis on development indicators .
tunisia was ranked 98 , algeria 104 , syria 107 , egypt 123 , morocco 130 , yemen 140 , and sudan 150 .
the economic academician and expert , mr. monsef ben salamah , highlighted the most important problems faced by the report , especially the part that was related to the issue of migration , the benefits that could be reaped from it by developing countries , as well as the negatives associated with it .
tunisia has achieved the millennium development goals . mr. monsef yuzbashi , director general of human resources in ministry of development and international cooperation , also presented an overview of tunisia 's position in the un report . he pointed out that the results of the human development reports issued annually by the united nations development program are taken into account in national development plans .
the president of the arab women 's organization noted that this development in arranging the conditions for development and identifying its bases and objectives has led to awareness of the vitality of woman 's role , the increase in her effectiveness in economic and social activity , and revealing her competitive abilities that enable her to maintain her status as a social being and to contribute to the development of her society as a conscious and innovative citizen .
she highlighted the ideas that international and regional conferences held by concerned organizations have been asserting and disseminating since the 90s of last century , demanding that governments and the international community in general remove barriers that curtail action and increase women 's participation in the comprehensive development process , keeping pace with global developments , and facing the big challenges that they have presented to the developed , developing , and poor countries alike .
she added that arab countries were not immune to these changes in concepts and visions , nor in recognizing the need to invest in human capital , of which women represent one of the fundamental pillars , recalling the great priority given by arab states to women in their development plans as a subject of development in terms of their need for education , training , rehabilitation , health insurance , social care , and empowering them with all their rights as a representative of half of the human capital , on one hand , and as a free and conscious entity contributing to building the social and economic system , on the other hand .
the lottery process was conducted in the presence of the candidates for these elections or their representatives in accordance with the requirements of chapter 37 of the electoral code , which says that " candidates for the presidential or parliamentary elections are allowed to use radio and television for their election campaign .
requests to utilize shares of the radio and television should be forwarded to the supervising authority of the public radio and television institutions through a letter , which should , along with an acknowledgement of receipt , in accordance with the deadline stipulated in the first expansion of chapter 34 of this code , for election of the president of the republic in the first round ,
and in accordance with the deadline stipulated in the second expansion of chapter 34 of this code , for election of the members of parliament .
the request is not required in the case of a second round of presidential elections being held .
the date and time for the lottery of shares would be fixed by the supervising authority of the public radio and television institutions , on the basis of equal shares for presidential candidates and varied shares as per the number of lists of candidates for election of members of parliament .
the process of the lottery is conducted in the presence of the candidates or their representatives for presidential elections and in the presence of the candidates or representatives of the candidates ' lists for the election of members of parliament , no more than fifteen days before the voting .
in all cases , the candidates or their representatives must be invited to attend the lottery process using legal methods . "
and also in implementation of order no. 2067 for the year 2009 dated july 7 , 2009 , regarding urging the voters to elect the president of the republic and members of parliament on sunday , october 25 , 2009 .
the lottery , which was conducted yesterday , was dependent on arranging the order of the appearance of radio and television advertisements . it was attended by two executive justices separate from the candidates and representatives of candidates and political parties . it was supervised by mr. rafi dakheel , minister of communication and relations with parliamentthe house and the council of advisors , along with mr. el-fehri chalabi , chief director general of the tunisia television , and mr. shawki al alawi , chief director general of tunisia radio .
a short while ago , president barack obama was declared to have been awarded the nobel peace prize . so what is your impression ? how do you read this step ?
it is 5 : 00 a.m. in washington and i do not know how american public opinion will react to this , but i believe that it 's certainly a very important step and it reflects the international community 's support and back up for president obama 's diplomacy and the commitments that he has announced to the world , and particularly the middle east . it is also recognition of his efforts to reach a solution between the palestinians , and israelis and also support for his diplomacy over iran 's nuclear program . all these reasons are behind this choice .
don 't you feel that in this prize is something that means that the existing challenges will be bigger and that what is required is that peace efforts should be further consolidated ?
there is no dispute that the challenges remain . the nobel peace prize is sometimes awarded in recognition of efforts for peace , and other times , it is awarded for a host of achievements made over a decade or two . sometimes it is awarded for encouraging all the efforts that are made by the people . this is what happened with regards to president obama .
the image of the united states has worsened a great deal in the arab and islamic world over the past years . so , do you believe that this image has changed one year after president obama 's election ?
i believe that the election of president obama had its impact on the arab and islamic world . i will give an example of that . i was in iraq during the elections and i met with several elements of the iraqi society .
the judicial police officials responsible for national security in sfax city are investigating a case involving a gang consisting of four persons who committed approximately six " robberies " in a single night .
during which they looted various sums of money and a quantity of mobile phones .
the case is expected to be referred to judicial authorities for further investigations , and for taking the remaining legal measures with regard to the suspects .
the investigation into the case was launched after one person registered an initial report at one of the traffic centers in sfax saying that he had been to the victim of a robbery by some unknown persons who snatched a sum of money and a mobile phone from him .
soon there were frequent reports by the citizens expressing their unhappiness at being targeted for robbery under the threat of violence .
given the seriousness of the matter , various security units coordinated to comb several places until the rescue police officials managed to get hold of two suspects in the wee hours , who were in possession of lethal weapons , a significant amount of money , and several mobile phones .
after continued investigations by the investigating squad of the sfax judicial police , it became clear that members of the gang had committed at least six " robberies " that night , in addition to some other operations .
this quick security success had a good effect on the hearts of citizens , especially the victims who have blessed the security efforts .
for some time , the comedian lamin al nahdi has told us that he has begun preparations for a television serial for the " nasmah tv " channel , which will run for fifteen episodes .
he refuses to reveal its content and the topics that it will cover , for fear that his ideas might be stolen .
along with this serial , al nahdi is preparing to take part in a new film by ibrahim al latif .
on this , he said , " i liked the script and i will play the hero 's role in this film , which has not yet been named .
this work will surprise the public , because the personality i will be playing is different from my previous movies in every way . "
about the film that narrates his own biography , lamin emphasized that so far he has shot twenty minutes , which is ready for telecast .
he is waiting for cameraman tarek el mesrati to return , after four months , from dubai , to resume shooting and complete the remainder of the film .
i asked him about his new drama that has been long talked about but has not yet seen the light of day ?
he said that its opening performances will start at the beginning of next march .
he added that he is presently focusing on his participation in some shows to be held on the occasion of presidential and parliamentary elections .
one of the goals on the agenda of president zine el abidine ben ali for the period 2004-2009 , apart from continuing to bring down the ratio of debt for the security of future generations , is to achieve a faster growth rate and greater integration into the globalized economy , by doubling the efforts within the framework of established rules of development work , particularly the interrelationship between economic and social dimensions , in order to limit inflation to around 3 % and the current deficit of the balance of payments to a proportion of 2.5 % of gross domestic product .
the agenda of tomorrow 's tunisia had posted a target for the coming phase that is to achieve a per capita income of 5000 dinars in 2009 , along with working to ensure greater protection for the consumer and to achieve harmony between standards of national health security and european specifications to enhance the competitiveness of the national economy .
that is what has actually been achieved , as the reforms contained in the presidential agenda and presidential measures and steps that were taken during the period 2004-2009 , have made it possible to achieve positive results in this area , the most prominent being registering a growth rate in the gross domestic product of around 4.7 % at steady prices , which has contributed significantly to raising the level of per capita income by one and a half times , lifting it to around 5135 dinars in 2009 , surpassing the target set in the agenda , which was estimated at 5,000 dinars , compared to 3,576 dinars in 2004 .
jordanian king abdullah ii has said that " jerusalem has become like a powder keg that could lead to a conflagration in the entire islamic world . "
he added that the continuing political stalemate " will take us back to the dark ages . "
in an exclusive interview with the israeli newspaper " ha 'aretz " on the occasion of fifteenth anniversary of the signing of the peace agreement between jordan and israel , the jordanian king said that he had explained to the israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , as well as to his predecessors , the importance of the sanctity of jerusalem and its sensitivity , " and the importance of understanding the need to refrain from any unilateral settlement activity in the holy city . "
he added that he has warned netanyahu that any attempt to change the reality in jerusalem and to disturb the efforts to resume negotiations with the palestinians would disrupt relations with jordan , which enjoys a special status in jerusalem in accordance with the peace agreement .
he said that he had called upon the us administration to demand that israel refrain from deliberate steps to expand the jewish presence in the old town and in the " holy basin . "
the king directed a message to the israelis in which he said that it is obligatory for them to " shake off the illusion that the status quo will last forever , because the deadlock in the political process will drift to darkness . "
the anonymous " energa " bombardment the night before yesterday in the jabal mohsen area of tripoli ( northern lebanon ) , which caused a number of injuries , has raised reactions criticizing the attempts to sow seeds of discord and calling for identifying the perpetrators and bringing them to justice .
former lebanese prime minister omar karami denounced the incident , saying that " at a time when we are witnessing a syrian-saudi summit , a suspected group is trying to sow seeds of discord again among the inhabitants of the same city , targeting the people of jabal mohsen with its dangerous activities , as well as the people of the city of tripoli . "
he called upon the security agencies to exert maximum efforts to expose the perpetrators and put an end to these dangerous activities .
the minister of the economy , mohammed al-safadi , warned in a statement that " a wave of lawlessness has passed through ain el-remmaneh and jabal mohsen , " calling for " giving the army a free hand to prevent the rioters from indulging in fabricating incidents , which claim the lives of innocent people . "
he hoped " that statements and speeches be controlled to project the existing currently calm , expecting the formation of a unity government to administer the country and develop economic plans which help lebanon benefit from the flow of funds and investors . "
on the other hand , the " fatah " movement 's central committee member jibril al-rajoub said that any postponement of the reconciliation talks would be a " mistake . "
he accused " hamas " of using the dispute over the gaza report as a pretext to undermine the palestinian unity agreement .
the chief of egyptian intelligence , minister omar suleiman , met with the " hamas " delegation , which included politburo deputy chief moussa abu marzouk and politburo member mohammed nasr , who arrived in cairo the night before yesterday to request postponing the signing of the reconciliation agreement on the 25th of this month and setting another date for it .
informed egyptian sources said that cairo believes that postponing the signing of reconciliation is a big loss for the palestinian people and a waste of the egyptian effort which was exerted to end division and recover palestinian unity , pointing out that the arab tour made by the ministers ahmed abul gheit and omar suleiman was to support the reconciliation efforts and establish the agreement , regardless of any international reservations .
they further said that ending division and achieving reconciliation is palestine 's national ambition which should be put over all other crises , and everyone should be keen to achieve it because it is in palestine 's great national interest , especially in light of the smothering siege of the gaza strip and the stumbling peace process .
they stressed the need to achieve unity in the palestinian ranks and for all the palestinians to stand together to face the challenges engulfing their cause .
the lebanese parties have turned to evaluate whatever details are available to them about the outcome of the saudi-syrian summit regarding the situation in lebanon over the weekend , while the political circles concerned with the formation of a new government are expecting that the start of next week would witness resumption of contacts on the government formation process with information about the summit 's support for establishing a national unity government according to the saudi and syrian statements issued at the end of the summit , and according to what lebanese president michel suleiman was told by syrian president bashar al-assad during his contact with him the day before yesterday .
the night before yesterday , " hezbollah 's " secretary-general mr. hassan nasrallah met with the president of the " progressive socialist party , " walid jumblatt . they discussed the outcome of the summit , efforts to form the new government and relations between the two parties in their second meeting since the parliamentary elections , following the restoration of their relations after nearly three years of rivalry and severance since 2006 , in order to remove the residues of the previous phase , particularly the repercussions of the armed clashes on may ( may ) 7 , 2008 .
a statement issued by " hezbollah 's " media said that nasrallah and jumblatt , who was accompanied during the meeting by his son , timor , and mp akram shoheib , " discussed the saudi-syrian summit and agreed on the positivity of this great meeting , the importance of arab-arab openness and the need to make it a general condition for overcoming the crises of our islamic and arab nation . "
sources have said that the procedure of contacts to form a government will be energized , and that the time spent by the president-designate sa 'ad al-hariri in his consultations with parliamentary blocs and his meetings with the leader of " change and reform bloc , " general michel aoun , has bridged the gaps between the parties , and that the saudi-syrian summit 's call to form the government would also help speed up its accomplishment . the details remain the responsibility of the lebanese .
the sources pointed out that " hezbollah " considers formation of a national unity government , protection of the country and the resistance at this stage .
they confirmed that nasrallah and jumblatt conducted a review of the measures taken between " hezbollah " and the " progressive socialist party " to finish with the residue of the previous stage and the incidents of may 7 through continuous communication between the leaders of the two parties , and concluded saying that the relationship has returned to normal in a number of places and regions , and that there are quiet works away from the spotlight which will continue in other areas and places to remove the residue of the previous phase of conflict and controversy .
parliament speaker nabih berri left beirut yesterday on for qatar to hold talks with officials there . he would then move to the united arab emirates to hold talks on the situation of the deportees .
political circles abreast of rapid international and regional developments during the past few months have called for studying the saudi-syrian summit , which was held last wednesday and thursday , through what was produced by these developments , because its repercussions and consequences cannot be understood without putting them in the context of a series of incidents witnessed by the region .
since the saudi-syrian convergence began to regain activity after the parliamentary elections in lebanon , last june ( june ) , through joint meetings between the saudi delegates and the syrian leadership , in which it was decided that the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdul aziz , would visit damascus after the formation of the lebanese government , some obstacles popped up which have prevented implementation of what had been agreed upon between the two sides . this explains both the delay in forming that government and the saudi king 's visit .
a lebanese ministerial source said that damascus was forced to put the brakes on convergence with riyadh as a result of iran 's opposition to accelerating its steps , and that the iranian leadership informed president bashar al-assad about its objection to it clearly during his visit to tehran on august ( august ) 19 , which he conducted in order to congratulate president mahmoud ahmadinejad on his re-election .
in the near future , the ministry of agriculture in the eastern region plans to implement a number of vital projects in al-ahsa national park , " the sand-blocking project " situated near al-omran village , including planting more than a million saplings and distributing green areas , in addition to allocating five kilometers for holding family meetings , which will have all the services available that may be required by visitors .
the ministry pointed out that some acts of maintenance and development would be carried out for some internal roads , through blacktopping and lighting , in addition to some development works .
it should be pointed out that al-ahsa national park , which was established in 1962 as part of a project to repel the advancement of the desert sands in the area , and was converted into a tourist destination after dense tree growth , has a surface area of 4,500 hectares broken up into gardens , swimming pools , children 's playgrounds , racetracks for horses and others for bicycles .
the project led to the protection of 20 villages directly and the protection of the entire oasis indirectly after nearly seven million trees were planted there .
in 1984 , the project was converted into " al-ahsa national park . "
during the summer and blessed eid al-fitr holidays , it received more than 60,000 visitors . it is one of the most important parks for al-ahsa residents , especially since it is considered one of the oldest due to its large agricultural area , which witnesses a high turnout by visitors from inside and outside the province , as well as visitors from the gulf states .
the political parties concerned with composing a new lebanese government have arrived at a consensus on dealing positively with the political repercussions of the saudi-syrian summit on the situation in lebanon . but for the time being , their satisfaction with the results has remained in the context of exchanges of good intentions to cooperate in expediting the formation of a future government and has not traversed to concrete steps .
this issue will be necessarily put on the agenda of the meetings the president-designate saad hariri is preparing to hold , especially since he has not stopped consulting with major political forces in preparation for taking a qualitative leap that will launch the government formation process into a decisive phase , as no more enticements or return to a new round of political maneuvering can be afforded now .
in this context , sources abreast of the atmosphere that prevailed in the damascus summit talks between the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdul aziz and president bashar al-assad on one hand , and the preparatory contacts made by the president-designate in preparation for a new round of meetings , especially with the president of the " change and reform bloc " general michel aoun , on the other hand , said that what was stated in the summit 's final statement about the government situation in lebanon reflected a joint will to support efforts conducive to removing the formation process from a state of standstill because it is not good to turn it into a chronic crisis .
king saud medical complex has confirmed the quarantine of the director of a boys school in riyadh region after he was infected by the " swine flu " virus .
while rumors prevailed in the atmosphere for the first two days of studies regarding new infections and suspected cases of suffering from the disease itself , sources in girls education in riyadh said that ministry officials are discussing a decision regarding postponing studies in primary school until the beginning of next year .
( see p . 9 ) the director of public relations at king saud medical complex , ibrahim al-subaih , said yesterday that a director at one of the schools in the riyadh region came to the complex seeking treatment for swine flu , and that necessary actions have been taken for his treatment .
rumors continued yesterday among students on their second day of studies about infections and suspected cases .
the rumors could not be verified because of the silence imposed on the spokespersons of ministry of education and their lack of cooperation with the media .
while sources said that the postponement of studies in primary school was being examined , decision-making would depend on the ability to cope with the swine flu virus during the first week of studies , which began on saturday .
prince naif began his visit to cairo yesterday at the invitation of prime minister ahmed nazif . it is the first capital he is visiting since assuming the post of second deputy prime minister , which some egyptian officials considered " a reflection of the depth egyptian-saudi relations . "
mubarak and prince naif reviewed the arab and international situations overall and the ways to strengthen relations between the two countries and enhance them in various fields .
the extended session of talks was attended from the saudi side by prince fahd bin nayef , minister of state and member of the council of ministers dr. musaed bin mohammed al aiban , minister of commerce and industry abdullah bin ahmed zainel and saudi ambassador in cairo hisham mohieddin nazir ; and from the egyptian side by egyptian interior minister habib al-adli , minister of commerce and industry rashid mohammed rashid and spokesman for the president of the republic ambassador suleiman awwad .
mubarak and prince naif held a one-on-one meeting .
prince naif also held talks with prime minister ahmed nazif .
nazif expressed his appreciation for the visit and the keenness of " the prince to make this visit his first since he assumed his new post . "
he described the visit as " a gesture which we appreciate very well , based on strong historic ties that link the leaders of both countries , president hosni mubarak and the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdul aziz , and are extended to the two brotherly governments and peoples of egypt and saudi arabia . "
the voting to elect a new term for the administrative council of the chamber of commerce and industry in jeddah is still prevalent in the atmospheres of the business community and those concerned in jeddah , al-laith and al-qunfudah , one day before the polls close in preparation for the announcement of the results tomorrow ( wednesday ) .
the polling yesterday was characterized by unprecedented turnout for voting amid protests by the candidates over management inside the polling office and an exchange of accusations among the candidates who continued to devise ways to attract voters .
meanwhile , elections for the " jeddah chamber " became another arena for clashes between some of the parties , especially with respect to the status of women in the chamber .
" al-hayat " was able to capture a " unique " scene of the practice of purchasing the vote of one of the candidate voters .
candidates felt that the management of the polling office was set up to serve the candidates themselves , though deputy secretary-general of the chamber osman basaqr affirmed the chamber 's keenness for complete transparency and that its administration stands at the same distance from all candidates .
efforts to woo voters witnessed them being carried in luxury cars , provided with " five-star " meals and offered gifts . the total number of voters in the morning period yesterday reached more than one thousand .
during their ordinary session held in riyadh yesterday , members of the shura council criticized the council 's committee on islamic and judicial affairs and human rights for not submitting a draft of the legal proceedings system , a draft of the criminal procedures system and a draft of the proceedings system before the office of the ombudsman as it should have .
some members registered their strong discontent after discussion of the draft had ended , which they continued for more than five sessions , causing them to suffer fatigue , as they said .
dr. mohamed sa 'adoun said in his intervention that " outlining the rules of the system in this way caused fatigue among the members of the council . " dr. abdullah al-faifi agreed with his opinion , saying that the committee had converted some rules from right to wrong by changing some linguistic terms .
for his part , dr. meshal al-ali said in his intervention that " rules of appeal in judicial decisions permit the convicted person to challenge the ruling within 30 days only , failing which he will lose the right to challenge . the appeal period must be open so that the offender can avail rehabilitation , if any . "
he pointed out that time must not be the main factor in the execution of judicial decisions .
us secretary of state hillary clinton failed to convince her russian counterpart sergei lavrov to tighten sanctions against iran .
both sides pointed to " consensus in stances " on the need for diplomatic efforts to resolve the issue . clinton admitted that " it may be too early to tighten sanctions . "
in contrast , lavrov indicated that " significant progress " had been achieved on fundamental issues , including the issue of nuclear disarmament and prospects for cooperation in the field of missile defense plans in europe .
the " friendly " atmosphere that prevailed during the talks between the two sides in moscow yesterday did not ease the " tough " discussions , especially since most of the issues put out for discussion are " controversial , and some of them need many clarifications . "
as a russian diplomatic source told " al-hayat " in reference to the iranian nuclear program and the new us plans for deployment of the missile shield and the issue of the renewal of strategic arms reduction treaty ( start 2 ) ,
moscow had indicated before clinton 's visit that it was looking forward to hearing the standpoints on these issues directly from the us secretary .
remarkably , the issue of tightening sanctions on iran , which was the focus of widespread speculation prior to the visit , and on which us sources indicate that washington was trying to persuade the russians to change their position ,
appeared to be the first issue on which the two sides failed to converge their positions , as differences clearly came to fore during the press conference held by the two ministers at the end of their meeting .
the president of the " democratic parliamentary gathering , " walid jumblatt , said that his recent meeting with the secretary-general of " hezbollah , " mr. hassan nasrallah , " was very positive .
it re-built confidence
and restored the relationship to what it was before the unfortunate break-up . "
he told " al-manar " : in this second meeting , things returned to what they were before the big split that occurred between us and him , as a result of the events and as a result of the cumulative incidents between 2005 to 2008 .
things returned , if the expression is correct .
the atmosphere of trust returned , and that is the most important thing for me .
the atmosphere of dialogue in all arab , international and lebanese areas returned .
the personal relationships returned .
i insisted that my son timor accompany me so that he enters arab , lebanese and islamic politics through a wide door ,
so that he enters with the established facts and with the core issue of palestine .
i am satisfied , and of course i will not give much detail about what happened because there are certain specifics for establishing the atmosphere of trust . "
with regard to calls to form a majority government ,
jumblatt said , " i do not think we can gamble to form a majority government , and i will never take part in a majority government . i am a part of the majority . i have differed and continue to differ with march 14 . i am a part of the majority , but i will never take part in a majority government . this is final . "
second deputy prime minister and interior minister prince naif bin abdul aziz arrived in the city of sharm el-sheikh yesterday to head the saudi delegation in the sixth meeting of the interior ministers of countries neighboring iraq .
he was welcomed at sharm el-sheikh airport by the egyptian interior minister , general habib al-adli .
upon his arrival , the second deputy prime minister made a statement to the media saying : " i thank brother general habib for inviting us to this city . all we want is to emerge from this meeting with something that benefits iraqi security . "
after relaxing for a short time at the airport premises , prince naif headed to the place prepared for his stay .
the second deputy prime minister was accompanied by prince fahd bin naif bin abdul aziz ; the custodian of the two holy mosques ' ambassador to egypt , hisham bin mohieddin nazer ; the supervisor-general of the office of the second deputy prime minister and minister of the interior , lieutenant general abdur rahman al-rubaian ; the advisor to the second deputy prime minister and minister of the interior , dr. sa 'ed al-orabi al-harithi ; and the director general of the minister of the interior 's office for studies and research , general saud bin saleh al-dawood .
prince naif had left cairo earlier yesterday .
he said , " the saudi-syrian summit constitutes a great positive step , far beyond the lebanese borders ,
and can have an impact on all the arab issues . "
about whether it will give a push leading to the formation , he said , " personally , i doubt it .
it provides some positive atmospheres ,
but will these positive atmospheres alone be sufficient ? "
in a similar vein , mp antoine zahra ruled out formation of a government after the saudi-syrian summit ,
saying that " so far , there is not the adequate positive atmosphere to suggest an imminent formation . "
in an interview on a website yesterday , he said , " the issue of government formation has been postponed until the picture clears about iran 's nuclear negotiations with the international community . "
he described the " feeling of satisfaction prevailing in the hearts of the members of the march 8 group " as " an attempt to mislead public opinion by holding the majority responsible for the delay , and for exaggerating the arab-arab reconciliation ( ... ) " .
he stated , " the names would constitute a fundamental problem in the formation of the next government , "
urging the formation of a government of technocrats . about giving ministries to the losers ,
he said , " on a personal level , i have no problem with gibran bassil ( minister of communications ) , because the parliamentary elections have illustrated his parliamentary impact in batroun , and i demand to respect the election results while giving out ministries . "
about president michel suleiman 's position in favor of this , he only said , " no comment ; gibran bassil is least of my concerns . "
the constitutional council member antoine khair presented the development of the lebanese constitution since 1926 . he said , " lebanon is the outcome of two wars , the first for the lebanese entity and the second for independence . "
he was of the view " that the paralyzed third has paralyzed political life in lebanon . the minister who opposes a government 's policy usually resigns in democratic countries . "
he considered , " there was a contradiction between being a minister and an opponent , and that the system of sectarian consensus had undermined the constitution and had led to more foreign interference . "
the sociologist elizabeth picard questioned , " how can a search for political parties and civil society be conducted when lebanese society is a sectarian society ? "
she noted , " in lebanon we are currently seeing a reversal of the civil society back towards sectarian mobilization , "
noting that " hezbollah is an example of that . " she was of the view " that after the syrian hegemony over lebanon , there is now another hegemony , which is political sectarianism ,
and she opined " that the lebanese constitution is open to changes , particularly in its preamble and in article 95 . "
the researcher ziad majed emphasized that , in the constitution , there is no mention of parties , and political freedom is exercised in accordance with article 7 on civil and political rights and 13 concerning freedom of establishment of organizations .
he said , " the period between 1995 and 1998 missed the opportunity to launch real political parties . and , the absence of a political plan missed the opportunity during the second crossroads period in 2005 . "
he opined , " political life is based on compromise , which is difficult given the presence of weapons among the lebanese people . "
he suggested a system of proportional voting that enables the monopoly of a section by a party to be broken and promotes participation in elections . "
according to him , another means is " to conduct administrative reform that strengthens the role of municipalities and weakens partisanship . "
historian and researcher side franjieh spoke of al-chehabieh , which sought to introduce political and administrative reform to promote social development .
president fouad chehab carried out several administrative reforms by creating a number of departments , such as the central bank and the ministry of planning , social security , and administrative control . however , president chehab " failed to achieve political reform because of sectarianism . "
al-chehabieh is the " only attempt to modernize the lebanese state , " according to franjieh , who said " that taif put an end to the crisis and formed a new authority within an old system , particularly as its content was not implemented in letter and spirit , but rather added a new bias to the sectarian system . "
he concluded , " no radical reforms can be carried out as long as sectarianism controls the system . "
the professor of law george khairallah said , " the nationality law is in the service of state policy , and that two opposing theories exist . they are about the right to land or blood , " adding that " the political situation prevents any discussion . "
the professor of law lina ganjeh addressed the subject of secularization of personal law and said , " this secularization is necessary , for it strengthens the national identity . "
however , she opined , " it is difficult to define the lebanese identity because , to some , any criticism of the law is tantamount to sectarian betrayal . "
she urged the communities to make " concessions to achieve secularization . christians have to avoid the legal basis of marriage , while muslims have to put an end to the inequality between men and women . "
a member of the judicial council , shukri sadir , regretted " the absence of real political desire for the law and the technological and human resources in order that it becomes independent and productive . "
the professor of law ibrahim wardah said , " lebanon has to thank the international organizations or states that are helping it in the field of law because they have provide it with great help . "
syrian president bashar al-assad , laying a wreath of flowers on the grave of the unknown soldier in damascus yesterday , on the thirty-sixth anniversary of the october war .
( reuters ) the chairman of the policy committee of the ruling national democratic party in egypt , gamal mubarak , in front of the tomb of the late president anwar sadat in cairo yesterday .
( reuters ) cairo and damascus marked the thirty-sixth anniversary of the october 1973 war yesterday . in cairo , egyptian president hosni mubarak received congratulatory telegrams from the heads of states and dignitaries .
his son gamal mubarak , chairman of the policy committee of the ruling national democratic party , laid a wreath of flowers on the tomb of the late president anwar sadat in the egyptian capital .
the three egyptian newspapers " al-ahram " , " al-akhbar , " and " al-gomhuria " hailed the anniversary in the editorials in their editions yesterday , saying that it will remain a bright and shining event in egyptian history .
they paid tribute to those who died in the battle . they also thanked the soldiers and officers who participated in the war , and the egyptian people who made many " sacrifices to achieve victory . "
on this anniversary , the egyptian president inspected projects of construction and the establishment and development of the second phase of the eastern port said port , which includes construction of new terminals for containers , other terminals for goods , areas for storage and fuelling of ships , and other investment and industrial projects , as well as the completion of the construction of the quay , which will be the longest quay in the world at 2,400 meters .
al-assad .
in damascus , syrian president bashar al-assad laid a wreath of flowers on the tomb of the unknown soldier in the syrian capital .
popular and official celebrations were organized . the syrian newspapers " tishrin " and " al-baath " urged the arab world to learn lessons from the october war to revive arab solidarity , strengthen joint arab action , and meet the challenges that are targeting its existence . ( a.s.a )
in rome yesterday , italy 's constitutional court began looking into the law on the judicial immunity granted to prime minister silvio berlusconi , 73 , who may face legal prosecution in several cases if the court rules that this law violated the principle of equality among the citizens before law .
fifteen judges began their public session at 09 : 30 local time ( 7 : 30 gmt ) to hear the arguments formulated by the courts of milan and rome that had to deal with the cases involving berlusconi , who was yesterday represented by three lawyers .
the public session lasted about two hours , and shortly after noon the judges , among them a lady , withdrew for review and voting in a special session .
the result of the vote could have been announced yesterday , but the judgment will not be known until today or might indeed be reserved for two weeks , if any of the judges requested more time to study the case .
the delivery of court 's judgment requires the approval of a simple majority of eight out of fifteen judges .
there are two arguments in favor of the unconstitutionality of the law known as the alfano law , named after justice minister angelino alfano who introduced it . they are its violation of the constitutional principle of equality among citizens and the impossibility of amending constitutional law with a normal law .
the interests of the caretaker prime minister fuad siniora yesterday were manifold at the palace , where he chaired a meeting in the context of follow-up on the official statistics , which was attended by the director general of central statistics maral totalyan and a number of stakeholders .
likewise , the director general of the " green project " gloria abi zaid briefed him about the status of the project .
mp amin wahbi received a delegation from the union of food industries headed by george nasraoui , which explained to him the conditions of the union , thanking him for supporting its participation in international exhibitions . he presented him with a list of exhibitions in which it may take part next year .
he then met with the delegation of the " al-mundhir socio-cultural society . " it included attorney mary ghantous and ms. afaf sabbagh , both of whom invited him to attend the commemoration of the anniversary of grand scholar sheikh ibrahim al-mundhir , at six o 'clock in the evening this coming thursday at the unesco palace .
in the afternoon , siniora received environment minister antoine karam who , after the meeting , explained that the discussion , in part , dealt with the emerging security developments in the country in the aftermath of the shiyah - ein rummaneh incident in the evening of the day before yesterday . he also touched upon the results of the meeting held in saida regarding the waste dumping ground in the city , so that practical measures have started to be taken as of next monday , pointing out that prime minister siniora pays special attention to this issue .
a section of participants in the general assembly of the maronite council yesterday . ( nasser trabulsi ) the general assembly of the maronite general council held a regular session at the headquarters of the central council in karantina , under the chairmanship of council president and former minister wadih khazen , and in the presence of the members .
the council issued a statement in which it expressed its satisfaction over the " progress in the ongoing consultations to form the new government , as they are characterized by seriousness , optimism , and responsibility " , pointing out that " no force on the earth will protect lebanon , if the lebanese do not reach a consensus to protect themselves from within on the basis of fundamentals and commonalities to then face the external interventions that pursue their own interests in the region , even though they are at our expense . "
he said , " the formation of a government of leading personalities mixed with technocrats will serve this stage , as it requires concerted political efforts of the personalities to face external threats on the one hand and economic efforts by technocrats to handle people 's affairs with expedited measures . "
he urged " to seek inspiration from the spirit of the taif accord as a fundamental pillar of the lebanese reconciliation . "
he called on " the national leaderships to include , among this government 's list of priorities , the need to pass a new law on parliamentary elections in order to secure the largest popular representation in any future parliament , on the basis of proportion and governorate as an electoral constituency , after a review of the current administrative divisions as stated in the taif accord . "
in a judgment issued yesterday afternoon , under the chairmanship of staff brigadier general nizar khalil and in the presence of assistant government commissioner to the court sami sader , the permanent military court ruled for the imprisonment of arrested syrian iyad nofal for three years and stripped him of his civil rights , along with the imprisonment of ghassan ibrahim abdullah and bilal hussein zinedine for one year and one month .
the convicted nofal was accused of forming a gang with the convicted abdullah to carry out acts of terror .
the investigation of the first was carried out in the case of preparing to assassinate the progressive socialist party mp wael abu faour in 2007 . he was questioned by the court in a closed session earlier .
also , nofal was accused of military weapons trafficking and abdullah of possessing them , while zinedine was sentenced for the transfer of weapons and ammunition without license .
the same judgment also ordered the imprisonment of hussein mohamed zinedine for seven and a half months on charges of military weapons trafficking , the imprisonment of mahmoud omar kadiri for three months on charges of transporting weapons and ammunition without a license , zain al-din mohamed zain al-din for three weeks on charges of possessing a military gun seized in his home , and ali nimer basha for the same period on charges of the transfer of military weapons and ammunition without a license .
the court panel yesterday concluded the trial in the case after hearing the arguments of attorneys defending the defendants who requested the acquittal of the charges leveled against them after [ the issuance of a request for conviction according to the judgment of indictment ] . their attorneys pleaded their innocence , and consequently requested that the duration of their arrest be sufficient , and to exempt the sentenced abdullah from the punishment on the basis of the relevant articles of law 1958 / 1 / 11 and article 335 of the penal code for lack of evidence .
in a regular meeting of its office board chaired by ghassan ghosn , the general labor union reviewed the living and economic conditions at the beginning of the school year . it was of the view that " the chaos occurring in school and university fees in most of the private educational institutions and in the prices of books makes many lebanese either borrow money , if they can , or stop enrolling their children in schools and universities in the absence of a government school . "
the board statement noted , " the continued rise in fuel prices by the addition of duties and taxes makes the cost of transportation beyond the reach of workers and limited-income people . "
pointing out that " the latest in the series of scandals that have not yet ceased is the ship loaded with spoiled corn that is not fit to feed even to animals . "
the board studied the closure of the " uniceramic " factory and said it was " a result of the policies of successive governments and the state 's neglect of the manufacturing sectors . "
finally , it reviewed the deteriorating situation of social security " and the continued policy of looking into destabilizing the very foundations on which it is based , " pointing to a special meeting of the representatives of workers on the security board of directors next wednesday " to be followed by a press conference to announce the appropriate position . "
anti-violence groups said yesterday that more than 2,000 people die every day around the world due to armed violence , urging countries to begin talks regarding a treaty to regulate the arms trade .
the report of the twelve groups was released when a committee of the un general assembly started preparing a draft resolution that sets a timetable for talks to reach a treaty in 2012 .
the report , which was written by britain-based " oxfam " on behalf of these groups , said that since most of the governments agreed in 2006 on the need to regulate the global arms trade , around 2.1 million people have died as a direct or indirect result of armed violence , which means that more than 2,000 people die every day , or more than one person every minute , most of them civilians .
it clarified that of those killed , more than 700,000 died as a result of armed conflicts , including those going on in afghanistan , somalia , sudan , sri lanka , and the democratic republic of congo .
statistics also include people who were killed in non-political violence in which firearms were used .
paris agreed in principle yesterday to return the five artifacts belonging to one of the egyptian tombs , which are claimed by cairo , if it was found that they were taken out of egypt illegally , after the secretary general of the supreme council of antiquities in egypt , zahi hawass , announced that his country had decided to " stop all forms of cooperation with the louvre until the paintings ' stolen ' from a tomb in luxor were returned .
in a statement , french minister of culture frederic mitterrand said that the louvre museum bought the five artifacts , which are wall paintings belonging to the tomb of one of the kings of the eighteenth egyptian dynasty ( 1550-1290 bc ) , in " good faith " in 2000 and 2003 .
he called the national scientific committee of museums in france for a meeting tomorrow to express its opinion on the source of the egyptian artifacts and the possibility of removing them from the louvre museum .
he expressed " his readiness " to return the artifacts to the egyptian authorities " without any delay if the committee agrees on it " , in line with the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization " unesco " agreement of 1970 , which aims to counter the illegal trade in cultural treasures .
last saturday , a crisis was triggered by the strong and aggressive words uttered by the grand imam of al-azhar mosque mohammed sayed tantawi . while he was inspecting a middle school affiliated with al-azhar , he saw a veiled schoolgirl who was no more than 13 years old . he was agitated and scolded her severely and commanded her to take off the veil immediately , saying , " covering the face is not islamic at all . " the incident attracted reactions yesterday .
tantawi continued scolding the schoolgirl while he was upset , addressing her aggressively and saying , in colloquial speech , " i know islam more than you and who is behind you " .
then , when the girl complied and took off her veil , the grand imam of al-azhar commented , asking her sarcastically , " what would you do if you were a little more beautiful ? "
dr. tantawi announced during his visit to this school that he would issue a decision ( which he already issued on the same day ) to prevent girls from wearing the veil in all schools and institutes affiliated with al-azhar .
the remarks of the grand imam of al-azhar and his decision coincided with another decision taken by the ministry of higher education to prevent students who wear the veil from staying on university campuses , which made dozens of them organize a sit-in yesterday in front of the girls ' hostel of cairo university in the giza area .
at the end of september in paris , syrian foreign minister walid al-moallem warned that his country would not accept an " agreement accompanied by political conditions . "
the netherlands wants a clear statement from the 27 members of the european union regarding the possibility of suspending the company agreement unilaterally " like a handbrake " , as described by a dutch diplomat who pointed out that his country will sign the agreement after the member states make a similar decision .
at the end of the day , a settlement proposed by the swedish presidency of the european union , provided to accompany the draft agreement with a separate announcement from european countries , " saying that the european union is entitled to suspend it " in the event of a violation of human rights , according to another diplomat .
thus , the netherlands , " has , on the one hand , joined the eu in keeping the option to get out of the agreement , but on the other hand , this clause was not mentioned in the body of the text , which diminishes its value ; otherwise the syrians would not have signed it . "
in its final version , the amended agreement stipulates the need for the company agreement to authorize " the european union to develop constant dialogue regarding the human rights situation , which remains a matter of concern for the european union .
respect for human rights constitutes one of the key elements of the agreement .... violations of human rights will , in turn , affect the application of the agreement directly . "
president michel suleiman was briefed yesterday by the minister of interior and municipalities , ziad baroud , about the security situation in general and the incidents that have occurred in recent days . he emphasized the need for coordination between security and military agencies to deal firmly with any security complications and arrest the perpetrators .
then he met with the secretary general of the catholic schools , father marwan tabet , along with a delegation of the parent committees of the schools in keserwan-al-fatouh , in the presence of minister baroud and minister of tourism elie marouni .
he informed him of some incidents of immorality that occur in some places in the area and its impact on the school students , urging him to work with those concerned in order to take measures to protect the youth .
suleiman said , " to address this issue requires coordination between security and tourism institutions , which are , according to law , the direct patrons , and from civil society bodies also , through awareness campaigns and dialogue with all , including those concerned with these places , and above all , from the family home . he vowed to follow up this matter with the two ministers concerned .
suleiman received mp michel firaon and former mp mansour al-boun . the head of the supreme judicial council judge ghaleb ghanem visited baabda , where he briefed the president about preparations for the inauguration of the judicial year on the fifteenth of october .
the advisor to the criminal court in beirut , hani al-hajjar , questioned the palestinian detainee wisam hussein toheibesh preliminarily yesterday , who has been referred to the criminal court to be tried on three charges for which he had been sentenced in absentia .
he was also prosecuted before a military tribunal in a case related to the " fatah al-islam " organization and in a case before the military court .
toheibesh was earlier subjected to preliminary investigation in the case of the assassination of four judges , which is being handled by the judicial inquiry judge rashid mozher , on suspicion of his involvement in this crime .
informed sources pointed out that , from the investigations conducted with toheibesh , no link had been found of his involvement in the crime .
toheibesh will be tried before the criminal court in the case of the killing of mohammed ahmed al-dakman on maia and maia road in 2000 . jordanian palestinian nasr mohammed abu siam and others are also accused in this case . it is to be noted that he is accused in the second case of attempting to murder malik ibrahim juha in his shop in darb el-sim in 2000 .
in the third case , toheibesh was sentenced in absentia to ten years imprisonment and abu siam to life imprisonment , as well as being stripped of their civil rights and having their property confiscation of . this case is related to thefts .
the assistant in the internal security forces mohammed matar was beaten by a group of youths in al-nabatieh while he was trying to stop an " infinity " car without plates and driven by yousef sh . as a result , he had to be taken to the hospital .
on the advice of the judiciary , a number of offenders have been arrested for investigation at the al-nabatieh police detachment .
the information indicated that the problem occurred wednesday evening in front of the house , when an internal security forces rider stopped yousef sh . , 18 , who was driving an " infinity " without plates .
while the rider mohammed yasin was registering a violation report , its owner interrupted him and made several telephone calls .
after that , a number of youngsters gathered and insulted the police personnel , and threatened them ,
then a patrol from the al-nabatieh emergency came to resolve the problem .
one of them resisted the security personnel .
he hit the driver of the tow truck , which was brought to the scene to lift the car because of the confiscation report , causing injuries to his head , after which he was brought to " people 's help hospital . "
the elements of the security forces could not stop the car , with which its owner fled to an unknown destination .
it is reported that among the aggressors there were two personnel of the parliament police wearing civilian clothes .
former cambodian king norodom sihanouk announced that he wishes for death as soon as possible , as was mentioned in a handwritten letter posted on his website yesterday .
sihanouk , who turns 87 at the end of this month , wrote in a royal letter dating back to october 2 that his father soramarit died at the age of 64 , and his grandfather sinowat at the age of 83 . " as for me , i sincerely desire to die as soon as possible . i have lived long . "
the former king , who has been under routine medical treatment in beijing since the end of last month , added , " the long life is exhausting me like an unbearable weight . "
he thanked his countrymen who wished for him to live to over 100 years , but he asked them to stop wishing for him to have a long life .
he said , " what i want is to die as soon as possible , without violating the teachings of lord buddha , who prohibits committing suicide .
sihanouk has suffered diseases including cancer , diabetes , and blood pressure .
he relinquished the throne in favor of his son sihamoni in october 2004 after holding it for the longest period of monarchy in asia .
he attributed his stepping down to his growing age and his deteriorating health .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas with american special envoy to the middle east george mitchell in ramallah yesterday evening
( reuters ) an atmosphere of skepticism loomed over separate talks held yesterday by american special envoy to the middle east , george mitchell , with palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , which were overshadowed by continued settlement activities and renewed security tensions between israelis and palestinians around al-haram al-qudsi in east jerusalem , in addition to increased division within the palestinian authority .
mitchell met in the evening with the palestinian president who faces criticism even from within his own camp .
he has been faulted for agreeing , under american and israeli pressure , to postpone discussions on referring the report issued by the head of the un fact-finding mission on the gaza conflict , richard goldstone , to the security council until march 2010 .
following the meeting , mitchell said in a statement he read to journalists in the palestinian presidential palace , " i had a very good conversation with president abbas in which we discussed our common vision for establishing a viable and independent palestinian state with contiguous territory . "
he also clarified , " american president barack obama and secretary of state hillary clinton are both personally and deeply concerned with achieving this goal . "
on saturday , in the swiss city of zurich , in presence of russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and his american counterpart hillary clinton , turkey and armenia to sign agreement to establish normal relations
the russian foreign ministry stated that lavrov " will be present at the signing ceremony in zurich " .
a spokesperson for the american state department also announced that clinton may use the opportunity to discuss iran 's nuclear program with her russian counterpart and her french counterpart bernard couchner , who has also received an invitation to attend , together with the european union 's high representative for the common foreign and security policy , javier solana .
she will then embark on a european tour that will include britain , ireland , and russia .
turkey and armenia will sign two protocols establishing diplomatic relations , opening their borders , and closing a century old chapter of hostility caused by massacres suffered by the armenians at the hands of the ottomans during the first world war .
this step will strengthen turkey 's position with the european union , which it hopes to join , while providing a boost to armenia 's economy . it will also improve security in the south caucasus , which is a major corridor for transporting supplies of oil and gas to the west , and achieve one of american president barack obama 's foreign policy objectives .
swiss sources explained that a " historic " diplomatic ceremony will witness the signing of the two protocols , paving the way for normal relations .
the agreement calls for a discussion of the " historical dimension " , in reference to the " genocide " issue , which would include a " scientific and unbiased review of historical records and archives to identify outstanding problems and offer recommendations . "
the southern entrance to jabal mohsen as it appeared yesterday .
calm was restored to the jabal mohsen area the next morning after several bombs had fallen on some of its districts .
army forces worked to open the " talaat el-shamal " main road , which jabal mohsen residents had blocked and also burned tires in protest against being targeted by shells two nights in a row .
the bab el-tebbaneh area , which borders on jabal mohsen , has seen normal activity and complete calm after its wheat market was subjected to similar shelling the night before last .
tripoli 's municipality chief , rachid el jamali , denounced the attacks on the jabal mohsen and el-tebbanneh areas .
he declared , " the municipality condemns , in the strongest of terms , these attacks which aim to undermine the stability of the city and the safety of its residents . "
he " called upon the security forces " to strike with an iron hand at anyone who interferes with tripoli 's security .
groups deny .
on the same subject , the secretary of " the resistance groups and palestinian popular committees " in the north , " abou imad " alouni , in a statement made yesterday , denied any news circulating about the involvement of the badawi camp in the recent events at jabal mohsen .
he stressed , " resistance groups in the north stand completely removed from the internal lebanese political rivalries and the badawi camp has nothing to do with the ongoing security complications in the areas , adjoining the camp in which the lebanese army is deployed . "
one way or another , the summit meeting between king abdullah bin abdul-aziz and president bashar al-assad will have its impact and influence on the unstable lebanese situation in general , and on the elusive formation of a government in particular ;
directly , and without leaving any room for doubts or questions , whether for or against . also affected will be the security climate after its clock began ticking towards sudden escalation by way of shuttle visits between regions and " fronts , " whose actions are usually interpreted as open messages .
it is not unlikely that lebanon may be heading in the coming hours towards an appointment with positive developments , which do not require analysts , fortune-tellers , or experts in palm-reading and interpreting implications and explanations .
as for what this impact and influence will really be and what will be its main thrust , this will undoubtedly take shape and become clear through the direction that the process of forming a future government will take ;
therein lies the problem ; and then also through positions taken by leaders , [ religious ] authorities , and parliamentary blocs , all of whose anticipated actions on one level or another reflect lebanon 's stake in this two-party summit , which was convened for reasons that were lebanese in nature , for the most part at least ,
if not one hundred percent ;
this , considering that other issues , as important as they are , require additional efforts , both arab and regional .
growing signs of relief that the world has moved past the global financial and economic crisis even if with some reservation and caution
during the international monetary fund and world bank meetings held in turkey between september 3 and 7 , dominic strauss-kahn , who was finance minister in the french socialist government , spoke as if the financial and economic crisis were coming to an end .
he called for increasing the international monetary fund 's resources . he had also made a similar decision earlier in the year , during the london economic summit , but it was only partially implemented .
strauss-kahn considered that offering developing nations additional voting rights in the international monetary fund equivalent to five percent is a major improvement , because improvement is tied to the ability to exercise a veto on major decisions .
this ability is still available to both the united states and britain , though the two countries ' positions have rarely differed on global financial and monetary policies . however , the president of the world bank , robert zoellick , who was previously head of the american delegation to the talks on expanding and enhancing the world trade organization , was more modest in expressing his confidence that the crisis is close to an end .
the agreement reached by representatives of the european union member states a few days before signing the european partnership agreement with syria this october 26 , as important as it is for the european and syrian parties , constitutes a major setback to the case of lebanese detainees in syrian prisons , which was a principal article added to the dossier of articles that the union attached to the draft of this agreement , stalled since 2004 , based on the principle that syria 's observance of the human rights dossier is a fundamental condition for admission to the world of the euro-mediterranean partnership .
according to activists , the matter is on the way to a fair resolution of the case of the detainees in syrian prisons , not because of positive developments on the syrian human rights front , perhaps taking the situation in new directions warranting the signing of the european-syrian partnership agreement , but because the matter is related to strong pressure being exerted by the french administration led by president nicolas sarcozy on the union 's institutions to bypass the decision -
the recommendation issued by the european parliament on march 12 , 1998 under french presidency at the time . this decision had placed the case of detainees in syria at the heart of any partnership agreement between syria and the union , stipulating a requirement for the syrian government to assist in accounting for the fate of the detainees .
the spokesman for the atomic energy organization of iran , ali shirzadian , announced that iran will undertake the enrichment of uranium for the tehran research reactor by itself if an agreement is not reached on having another country perform that task .
iranian news agencies reported that a death sentence was issued against three people detained during demonstrations that followed the disputed june reelection of president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
the student news agency ( isna ) quoted shirzadian as saying , " we will write a letter declaring to the international atomic energy agency that iran will undertake what is necessary to provide the required uranium for the tehran reactor " .
iran and the six world powers had reached an agreement that requires iran to deliver its uranium enriched to less than 5 % to another country that will enrich it to 19.75 % and then return it to iran in order to fuel its tehran research reactor . this will take place under supervision of the international atomic energy agency .
shirzadian further explained , " iran fully owns the enrichment technology and will , therefore , sit at the negotiating table equipped with leverage , " pointing out that his country prefers to " purchase fuel wholesale for the tehran reactor , because this is more economical " .
he added that the reactor requires 200 kilograms of uranium enriched to 20 % , without offering additional details .
some people say that the israeli army is the best army in the world .
some claim this may once have been true , but since then , it has become fat and [ overbearing ] .
one thing is indisputable : the israeli army is the strongest pressure group in the country .
if the army wants something , it gets it , no matter what .
cost and circumstances do not matter .
it wanted another 1.5 billion shekels and got it .
each year the traditional debate about the defense budget takes place in the cabinet .
in the general staff , they prepare for it for weeks .
on the appointed day , a delegation of twenty senior officers attends the cabinet meeting equipped with their advanced laptop computers . they darken the lights and display colorful presentations on the screens , a variety of video clips , and frightening intelligence assessments marked with red arrows , all of them aimed directly at the heart of the country .
they explain to the ministers that the threat around us has grown .
that it is always growing .
even after peace with egypt , and likewise after peace with jordan , and similarly during the iran-iraq war .
at one time , the threat came from nasser .
it then came from syrian army maneuvers , and later from saddam hussein .
but now , ahmadinejad provides the greatest scare - nuclear weapons .
they present the cabinet with all the threats in detail , then the chief of staff says , " if you do not approve our requests , you will bear the responsibility . "
the ministers will sit cringing from fear and ready , at this very moment , even to give the chief of staff their own salaries , if only he would stop .
the last maneuver - adding 1.5 billion shekels to the defense budget two and a half months after the budget was approved by the knesset - they pulled this off as easily as can be .
for they were facing a prime minister stricken with fear and a finance minister who would not dream of confronting his master .
tripoli representatives praise decisions of the syrian-saudi summit held in damascus several days ago , especially support for forming a national unity government in lebanon
they saw in it " a good step that should generate a positive environment that will help to ease tensions " .
the representatives held their regular meeting in tripoli yesterday . they issued the following statement : " the representatives started their meeting with an assessment of the syrian-saudi summit and saw in its resulting decisions that support the speedy formation of a national unity government , a good step that should generate a positive environment , which would help to ease tensions . the lebanese still have to resume the positive communications that preceded the summit in order to complete the formation of the government . "
they saw that " any arab-to-arab rapprochement that would ease tension in the arab and regional spheres will have a positive impact on lebanon . "
they also noted that the security incidents in tripoli " have no internal political dimension and that the political powers have no interest in any security instability . so if no political dimension is proven , the matter must be confined within a security framework and treated on that basis , "
and while they commended " the quick measures taken by the army and security forces to prevent the situation from escalating and containing any negative impact from attempts at causing disturbances , " they also stressed the necessity of " not treating events based only on their results and of enforcing preventative security , which prevents acts of disturbance . "
attendees also discussed the traffic problem , which negatively affects the economic cycle
and listened to presentations by municipal chief rachid jamali and area commander colonel bassam al-ayoubi about causes of the crisis in preparation for suggesting solutions .
for our resistance to realize its true dimensions and reach its objectives , we have to identify the enemies of the era in which we live , and what we are required to do to fulfill those objectives .
our first enemy lies within part of our own behavior , and in how we deal with practices forced upon the people by those who are corrupt .
these practices inhibit our real choices
and turn us into followers , looking at issues through their perspective , approving of things that contradict our convictions and the reality of our situation .
some of the beneficiaries of the gutters of corruption may think that they have an interest in its continuation , unmindful that in doing so , they are like a cat that is licking sandpaper , savoring the taste of the blood exuding from its own tongue .
we have to recognize that all lebanese , no matter their different backgrounds and ideologies , are citizens with full material and moral rights .
they are , therefore , responsible for achieving their security and safety ,
and they are also responsible for the stability , prosperity , and viability of their society through powers emanating from their political system .
these powers bear the consequences of any faults in performance
and are subject to questioning by and are accountable to the parliament and to the constitutional and judicial institutions . this is what makes government work properly .
but , unfortunately , the questioning and accountability bodies are dysfunctional because they are dominated by mafia-like methods ; they are driven by their practices beyond legal and ethical boundaries .
this situation puts us in constant confrontation in all sectors .
we no longer need only votes in ballot boxes in order to fix what has been broken ,
but we now need voices that possess a spirit of resistance and will work tirelessly to achieve the desired reform .
those who think that change and reform are an easily attainable target , or that parliamentary or ministerial work is easy under the conditions that we face today are mistaken .
the confrontation is tough against forces that are superior in means and in numbers .
they resemble to a great extent a spider web , whose threads are intertwined ropes that are difficult to cut , and they cover all sectors , public and private .
we really look forward to seeing the american president succeed in achieving some breakthrough in the arab-israeli conflict during the grace period that he still has before the start of congressional elections a year from now . we also hope that israel will not succeed in disrupting the american-iranian dialogue or in dragging the us into a preemptive war with iran , which would lead to serious consequences for the whole middle east .
on the other hand , it is essential to reflect on the recent turkish position that led to the suspension of israeli participation in war games with the united states in protest against israeli practices that took place in gaza late last year . how nice would it be if this position encourages some arab states to suspend their diplomatic relations with israel and review the bilateral agreements that they have signed with it . ( ... )
on the palestinian front , is it admissible to be distracted by a futile , endless dialogue between palestinian groups while israel continues its policy of changing facts on the ground in jerusalem and other occupied palestinian cities such as land appropriation , house demolitions , and settlement expansion ?
egypt has expended much effort in achieving palestinian reconciliation whose delay is not permissible under current conditions , politically and on the ground . so , is it logical that palestinian disagreement continues instead of uniting national efforts to confront israeli occupation ? "
forty-one people were killed yesterday , most of them civilians , in a huge explosion caused by a suicide bomber in a crowded market in northwest pakistan while the army is preparing to wage a full scale attack on militants belonging to the taliban movement , which declared its responsibility for the attack on army headquarters in rawalpindi saturday that caused 22 deaths according to the latest count .
the suicide bomber threw himself at a paramilitary convoy as it passed through a market in the shangla district near swat valley , which the military had declared that it had cleared of taliban militants in a large scale attack it waged last april .
however , it appears that it was not possible to eliminate the militant islamic groups completely as these groups staged a bold attack on pakistani army headquarters on saturday , which raised fears about this nuclear country .
the pakistan taliban movement , which is connected to the al-qaeda organization and is located in the northwestern tribal regions alongside afghanistan , claimed responsibility for the attack in which the gunmen detained hostages for a whole day near islamabad .
the spokesman for the movement , azam tariq , declared in a phone conversation , " we claim responsibility for the attack on general headquarters .
the punjab branch has executed this attack ... we have the ability to strike anywhere in pakistan ... we can target many other important locations . "
the yemeni army continued its attack yesterday on houthi areas . houthis are accused of waging an armed insurgency in the southern suburbs of the city of saada . a military official confirmed that the army has advanced in the direction of the al-maqash , aal iqab , and al-anad districts following fierce battles causing some 37 deaths and tens of injuries among the insurgents .
he explained that air force fighters and the artillery launched heavy raids on insurgent strongholds in these districts during daytime hours and destroyed some of their hideouts and fortifications , pointing out that the campaign resulted in clearing many areas and roads and reducing the number of mortar and artillery shells that the houthis had been launching at army positions during the last few days .
the yemeni ministry of defense reported that the army inflicted heavy losses in lives and equipment on the insurgents while confronting attacks by the insurgents in the suburbs of the city , adding that five houthis were killed in the al-anad district , which the insurgents had taken as an operations command center . among the dead was leading insurgent sadiq ali jashish .
in the city of saada , army units continued raid and pursuit operations against " members of houthi sleeper cells in the old city . " a military official mentioned that police forces " arrested 24 , including 11 in the city of saada , and detained 13 in omran carrying weapons , ammunition , and leaflets instigating violence that are damaging to security and social order . "
in other words ,
the fact that many turks would like to look forward to the future does not mean that they seek to belittle the pain that armenians feel , or dismiss the 1915 events .
as for the " history committee " suggested by the ankara and yerevan governments , it carries more risks to diehard turkish nationalists than it does to the armenian side .
because whatever the case , this will shed more light on the 1915 events .
for in turkey , they do not know much about the full scale of these events , except the official account that is still being propagated up to this very day .
the two protocols also recognize the current borders between the two countries , which is another issue to which the armenian revolutionary federation party ( dashnak ) objects .
they consider that this recognition will preclude their ability to claim lands from turkey in the future .
but is there a government in the world , in its right mind , which would cast doubts on these borders today - which are recognized by the international community - without studying the consequences ? how many problems could this cause in this turbulent part of the world ?
the tashnak party - vindictive armenians who bear " vengeful " claims - must pose this question to themselves and answer it candidly .
when we think of these impossible dreams on the armenian side and look at the economic and social difficulties that armenia has been facing since its independence , we cannot help but ask whether yerevan is held hostage to ankara , or to the extremist elements in the diaspora ?
advertisements for banks compete to invite citizens to take advantage of housing loans .
competition starts here , on the roads and through billboards spread all across the country .
" reduced interest rate , 0 % interest , own an apartment without a deposit , own now and start paying in two years ... "
these are some of the enticements that banks compete to offer in order to attract those hoping for residential apartment ownership by gaining access to banking facilities that were not only impossible before , but merely thinking about them would have been something so reprehensible that it would have subjected a person to accusations of insanity .
what is the secret behind this banking " largess " ?
what made the bank chase the customer in order to lend him money , when the customer used to suffer in order to get a housing loan ?
the country is undergoing an unprecedented construction boom . this is not limited to a particular region or city , but reaches every corner that is suitable for construction wherever it is , coastal , mountain , or barren .
the reasons have become common knowledge , based primarily on the existence of a large domestic and foreign demand for property ownership in lebanon despite the financial crisis that devastated the world and laid a heavy burden on the real estate sector , which was the trigger for the crisis and one of its main causes .
the " assembly of lebanese , palestinian , islamic , and christian , cultural organizations " convened at the lebanese press foundation under the banner , " in defense of al-quds , capital of earth , heaven , and the holy sites . " attendees discussed the current situation in palestine and the " violations that al-quds is subjected to . "
in his opening remarks , the head of the lebanese press foundation , mohammad baalbaki , pointed out , " the usurping state defies the whole world through the crimes it commits in palestine , especially in al-quds and al-aqsa mosque " , indicating that " attempts by the enemy to steal al-aqsa mosque will not prove successful as long as it remains in the conscience of the whole world , muslims and christians , and the conscience of all honest people . "
father antoine daou , secretary general of the episcopal committee for muslim-christian dialogue emphasized , " al-quds is the holy city and capital of palestine . as muslims , christians , and arabs , we have no life without al-quds , " and added , " we turn toward al-quds to support our oppressed people against the enemy of civilization , culture , christianity , and islam .
for the blessed aqsa does not belong only to muslims ; it is at the heart of human civilization . when it is under assault , the church of the holy sepulchre is under assault . " the cultural counsel from the iranian embassy , mohammad hussein rais zadeh , gave a speech in which he said , " we meet in the vastness of palestine to renew a pledge we took upon ourselves , which god before had taken upon the worlds . it is a pledge of duty and allegiance to the land of divine messages , the point of initiation of the prophets , and the cradle of christ and the supreme prophet .
palestine , al-aqsa mosque , and the church of the holy sepulchre are multiple addresses around which the nation unites , and through which we can identify our friends and foes . they are even the civilizational , religious , and cultural standards for all values and accomplishments that human civilization has achieved . "
" we 're here because we 're here because we 're here . " this was the british soldiers ' chant as they hurried toward battlefields in the first world war .
this chant , even though it goes back nearly one hundred years , testifies to the " pointlessness " of the wars that are launched , in most cases , without sacred grounding or purpose .
the soldiers are there in the battlefields because they are there in the battlefields , not for any other sacred cause .
so what has changed after one hundred years of vicious wars ?
the first world war ended after over twenty million people had lost their lives .
the world thought that this would be the last war in europe , but another more brutal war broke out within two decades , as the second world war led to the deaths of over fifty million people , and ended with the use of the nuclear bomb for the first time by the united states of america .
western wars against the world continued with the korean war in the early fifties , and the vietnam war that wore down the americans .
it is possible to notice an important fact , namely that great powers and empires begin to fall after fighting continuous wars against others , which wear them down politically in terms of human impact , and economically .
no one can be certain whether the palestinian reconciliation , which cairo announced would be signed on the twenty-fifth of this month , will actually be concluded or not ; and if it is , then in what type of atmosphere and at what level , after it was expected that there would be a festive celebration that might have been attended by president mahmoud abbas and the hamas political bureau chief , khaled mashaal , accompanied by high level representatives from the arab league , egypt , syria , saudi arabia , jordan , and yemen .
despite egyptian foreign minister ahmed aboul gheit 's attempt to minimize the effect of the scandal from postponing the goldstone decision on this reconciliation , this does not in any way deny the fact that the reconciliation has now become very doubtful , if not hopeless , whether we like it or not . if it is destined to take place , then most probably it will be low-key and far from the festive atmosphere that was supposed to accompany it , considering that it would have been a real breakthrough in a tense situation and in an intractable state of discord that has lasted for over two years .
what happened in geneva cannot in any way be justified or forgiven . the state of denial or shirking of responsibility adopted by the palestinian president up till now - the most recent manifestation of which was his announcement to yemeni television on monday denying that any arab or islamic state had opposed the postponement , and that " anyone who claims not to have agreed with him is untruthful " , according to his exact words - will also not help .
the human rights watch organization warned on tuesday that " the war in darfur has not ended , " contradicting statements made recently by officials in the peace mission to this region , west of sudan , which is witnessing a civil war .
the organization for the protection of human rights declared , " recent confrontations between sudanese armed forces led by the ruling party ( in khartoum ) and the rebels and the random shelling in darfur are proof that the war did not end . "
the organization published a report on tuesday , the day on which a meeting about darfur is expected to begin with the participation of delegates from sudan , the united states , russia , china , france , britain , and the european union .
the state department announced that the american special envoy to sudan , scott gretchen , will participate in this meeting . he will also visit the libyan capital tripoli " to continue efforts to bring the armed groups in darfur closer together , " in anticipation of a resumption of the peace process in october in doha , qatar , according to american authorities .
the commander of military operations for the united nations and the african union force in darfur , martin luther agwai , declared at the end of august that the war phase has ended in the darfur conflict , which left 300,000 fatalities , according to united nations estimates , and 10,000 according to khartoum . it also led to the migration of 2.7 million people .
but battles broke out in september between rebels of the sudan liberation movement led by abdel-wahid nour and the sudanese army in the kurma region in northern darfur . the organization confirmed that aerial bombing targeted baru in may and hit drinking water and civilians .
confrontations also took place between the army and rebels from the justice and equality movement in may in baru near the border with chad .
the international conference for peace in sudan began its two-day activities yesterday , tuesday , in the russian capital moscow , in a step aimed at opening a channel of communication between the adversaries , in order to end the fighting in the darfur region and in other parts of sudan .
participating in this meeting are the envoys to sudan from the united nations , the european union , china , france , britain , the united states , and also the african union and the arab league .
on the periphery of the conference , a meeting is to be held by the russian presidential envoy to khartoum , mikhail margelov , with envoys of the great powers to discuss current developments in sudan .
on his part , ghazi salahuddin , advisor to the sudanese president , expressed his hope that this conference would result in offering recommendations for resolutions to the current crises in sudan .
salahuddin expected that this conference would be an exploratory meeting to identify the problems in some parts of sudan and suggest solutions .
salahuddin added , " this meeting is not for making decisions about sudan , but only presents the different perspectives , which may help decision makers , " as reported by the arabic language channel " russia today " on its website .
yesterday evening , tuesday , israeli police detained the leader of the islamic movement in the pre-1948 areas , sheikh raed salah for inciting violence in jerusalem following recent confrontations in the holy city .
sheikh raed salah was detained during confrontations between palestinians and israeli police in the wadi al-joz district of east jerusalem .
sheikh raed salah had called frequently during the last few days upon muslims in israel and palestinian territories to take action to " defend the al-aqsa mosque . "
palestinians continued clashes with the israeli border police and security forces yesterday , tuesday , after violent activities around the al-aqsa mosque had led to an escalation of tension in the area .
video shots have shown masked palestinian youths pelting israelis with stones when soldiers chased them to the districts in which they live .
protestors have also started a fire in the middle of one of the roads .
palestinian leaders had issued a number of insistent warnings last week following clashes at the al-aqsa mosque in jerusalem between israeli police and protesters against attempts by jewish extremists to storm the sanctuary of the mosque .
the palestinian authority , and president mahmoud abbas personally , bear the main responsibility for the offense of withdrawing the draft resolution calling for a vote on judge richard goldstone 's report on israeli war crimes in the gaza strip , which was submitted to the international council on human rights .
but at the same time this does not exonerate the group of arab and islamic countries , and does not absolve it of the moral and political responsibility laid on its shoulders by acceding to the authority ambassador 's request in the shameful manner that we have seen .
the palestinian cause is not , and should not be , a cause that matters only to palestinians . it is an arab and islamic cause , besides being also a human cause ; therefore , it should not be left to a group that has sold its national conscience , forsaken its duties , bartered the blood of its martyrs , and become a tool in the hands of the enemy and those who are on the lookout for personal gains .
arab and islamic countries should support those who hold on to firm national principles and fight for their cause , and should stand up against anyone who strays away from it ; unless those countries and their governments are looking for excuses provided to them by those who have appointed themselves as representatives of the palestinian people and have crossed all the red lines .
for the head of the organization of the islamic conference , dr. ihsanoglu , to reject the account of the palestinian representative in geneva and to confirm that he was the one who contacted the arab and islamic group requesting withdrawal of the draft resolution for a vote is commendable , and is a courageous step in his favor .
but for him and his colleagues to yield to that request despite its risks to the arab and islamic nations , and as easily as we have seen , this is what we hold against him and all his colleagues .
the taliban movement yesterday , tuesday , called on the north atlantic treaty organization soldiers and american forces to leave afghanistan ,
if they are not willing to fight a " long war " . this was on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the commencement of military operations that led to the fall of the fundamentalist regime at the end of 2001 .
the afghani taliban movement said in an email message , " if you wish to continue your occupation of this proud nation in the name of fighting terrorism , you should know that we have patience and that we are prepared for a long war . "
the movement reminded " western occupiers " that " they ought to read the history books and be reminded that the afghani people have always been ready to sacrifice for islam and their country . "
in the statement , the taliban stressed that they do not intend to attack europe and that their goal is " to liberate the country and establish an islamic state . "
the announcements by the taliban movement came on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the start of the international forces ' operation in afghanistan .
following the attacks of september 11 , 2001 , the americans , on the october 7 , launched their first assault on the taliban regime , which was sheltering the qaeda organization , which carried out the attacks in the united states .
they removed the fundamentalists from power in a few weeks .
the insurgency then intensified in afghanistan two years ago and expanded to reach all areas in the country .
palestinian public opinion and many others in the " arab street " have begun a frenzied pursuit of the palestinian authority president , mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) , accusing him of being behind the scandal of burying alive judge goldstone 's report on the recent israeli war on the gaza strip .
abu mazen was required , at least , to submit his resignation after apologizing for the damage caused by withdrawing the goldstone report from the agenda of the united nations council on human rights in geneva last friday . some of them , such as the leading member of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) mahmoud al-zahar , went as far as demanding that the palestinian president be stripped of his palestinian citizenship and put on trial for high treason .
abu mazen first tried to insist that he was innocent of the serious accusation and threw the ball into the court of the arab nations , which he said had coordinated with america , france , and other great powers so that the goldstone report would stay out of official united nations circulation .
however , he failed to add to this by taking a position of condemnation or anger at what happened ; he did not condemn these arab and islamic countries who participated in the united nations human rights council for their action . this opened the way for one of the most important countries among his allies to turn its back on him in his new ordeal ; this is when the egyptian foreign minister declared that his country knew nothing of the postponement decision until it was taken , and that president mahmoud abbas had given his explanation of what happened .
it was then reported , according to the palestinian presidency , that abu mazen has ordered the formation of an investigation committee to find the truth of what happened and determine the responsibility of each party .
yemeni forces announced the deaths of 29 houthi rebels in the latest battles that took place on tuesday in northern yemen , in addition to the capture of 16 rebels and seizure of 5 trucks loaded with explosives .
the yemeni defense ministry official website " 26september.net " reported that the dead had fallen during battles in the northern governorates of sada and amran , where the war has been going on between government forces and zaidi houthi rebels since august 11 .
these battles coincided with a visit by the secretary-general of the arab league , amr mousa , who visited sanaa on tuesday in an attempt to push for reaching solutions to the crises in yemen .
mousa emphasized in sanaa that the principle of yemen 's unity and stability must be the basis for any initiative or plan for solving the problems in this country , where the south is also witnessing an escalating movement of dissent calling for secession .
in the south , thousands demonstrated tuesday evening in al-dali demanding the release of detained southerners , especially 15 activists detained during that day . thousands had demonstrated on tuesday in south yemen asking the secretary-general of the arab league to support the secession of the south from the north .
hundreds also marched in demonstrations on tuesday in aden , demanding " disentanglement " from the north . eyewitnesses reported that a retired major general in the yemeni army detained 15 other persons , including 2 women , at a checkpoint near aden .
the website of the yemen socialist party , the party which once ruled in the former south yemen , confirmed that about 200 people were detained in aden " during a demonstration that was dispersed by force . "
the south saw disturbances during recent months motivated by political and social demands , while a section of its population believe they suffer discrimination by the north and that they do not receive sufficient development assistance .
on wednesday , a lebanese security official said on wednesday that security authorities in lebanon are investigating claims about the arrival in lebanon of hundreds of islamists as tourists during the summer who are loyal to the al-qaeda organization , and that they have remained in the country to plan for launching terrorist operations .
the high level official , who spoke to the german news agency dpa under conditions of anonymity , said , " our task is to check these claims ... to determine their truthfulness . "
lebanese media mentioned that 700 arab nationals - extremists who belong to hard-line sunni groups such as the al-qaeda organization - entered lebanon in mid-august and have never left .
the reports indicate that those extremists are planning to launch terrorist attacks inside lebanon and in several neighboring arab countries .
the source also said that lebanese security forces had received information from arab intelligence organizations about suspects fleeing to lebanon .
he explained that authorities are investigating the matter .
many observers fear that those extremists would use lebanon as a new staging point for launching attacks against western nationals and israel .
several katyusha rockets were fired during the summer from south lebanon at israel . no one claimed responsibility for them , but many think that fundamentalist sunni groups are behind these attacks .
some people might exaggerate in saying that the destruction of the al-aqsa mosque will inflame the region and turn all arab regimes into enemies of israel , which is unrealistic .
because what is happening now in the al-aqsa mosque is taking place with the collaboration and cover from some arab regimes , foremost among them being those countries that have normalized relations with the hebrew entity .
this is because they are desperately seeking the conclusion of a comprehensive settlement with the hebrew state , as requested by obama , even without suspending settlements , based on the motto " security for peace . "
in the opinion of those rulers , the destruction of the al-aqsa mosque will help a great deal toward concluding such a settlement ,
for they find in this mosque a significant moral incentive for arab and muslim support for the path of resistance .
and we may hear from some of those rulers that if the al-aqsa mosque were destroyed , god forbid , that it would be strategically wrong and religiously forbidden for arab and islamic armies to launch a war on the hebrew entity because of the destruction of a mosque .
he would then add , " we are the baby 's mother . our intellect is wiser and more mature than the zionists . we will , therefore , ask our american friends to collect the mosque 's rubble so that we can reconstruct it in a large and magnificent fashion in the capitals of all arab countries , because what is most important is its spiritual value , not its location and structure ; and on god we depend for success . "
on thursday , the team of lawyers for the two sons of palestinian president mahmoud abbas , yasser and tariq , announced that it has decided to file lawsuits against individuals , officials , and media organizations for defaming them .
this decision comes following media reports that the palestinian authority decided to postpone discussion of the goldstone report on the israeli assault on gaza following an agreement with israel , which will offer the palestinian communications company wataniya , owned by abssas 's sons , frequencies for operations .
during a press conference it held in ramallah , the team said that it has initiated legal proceedings for filing lawsuits against " everyone who defamed and incited against the persons of yasser and tariq abbas .
it maintained , " the news published in different media outlets about yasser and tariq abbas owning a share in the company are false and without credibility , as they have no connection or relationship with the palestinian wataniya company ( mobile ) whatsoever . "
attorney kareem shehadeh said , " we will file lawsuits against all persons and the various organizations who defamed and spread lies about our clients in different media outlets . "
he referred to " the case filed with the israeli court in jerusalem , " explaining that " the information aired by israeli television is a serious violation of the law and of professional journalistic conduct . "
attorney ahmed al-sayyad said , " we will pursue anyone anywhere in the world , whether in the country or outside , and we will sue everyone ( ... ) for reparation to messrs. yasser and tariq abbas . "
he stressed , " the defense team has studied the case well and has decided , based on legal principles , to name everyone responsible for the defamation . "
french security authorities detained on thursday a supposed islamist in east-central france who works as an engineer at the nuclear research center in geneva , together with his brother . there are suspicions that he was planning to carry out an attack in france , according to information given on friday by a source close to the case .
the two frenchmen are suspected to be in contact over the internet with members of " al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb " . they were detained thursday morning in vienne in the isère department , according to a judicial source .
police arrested the two brothers aged 25 and 32 years in their home , according to the same source .
investigators carried out a search operation and seized two laptops , three storage discs , and usb keys for loading data .
sources close to the case said that the more serious suspicions revolve around the older brother , pointing out that he was still in the " aspirational " phase of committing an attack . he did not appear to have " committed substantive actions in preparation for an attack . "
from the many internet communications with persons known to be close to the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb , the older brother ( 32 years ) had prepared a list of numerous targets , according to the electronic website of the french newspaper le figaro .
the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb has replaced the salafi group for preaching and combat in algeria .
this group , which has declared its allegiance to al-qaeda , is especially active in the maghreb countries and mali .
the united arab emirates stressed , before the first united nations general assembly committee dealing with international security and disarmament , that the law on peaceful uses of nuclear energy that the emirates issued is an important step toward realizing the peaceful nature of the different aspects of its nuclear program . this program begins commercial operation in the year 2017 to take advantage of the benefits of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes , especially in the generation of energy , development of medical services , and manufacturing .
this was in the statement delivered by ambassador ahmad abdul-rahman al-jarman , the country 's permanent representative to the united nations , before the committee meeting which was held to discuss agenda items for its 64th session .
al-jarman asked all nations , especially nuclear nations , to show the necessary flexibility and political will , and to observe multilateral diplomacy in the ongoing international negotiations over disarmament issues . especially those related to the work of the 2010 review conference on the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , which coincides with the fortieth anniversary of the treaty being available for signing .
he also renewed the emirates ' position " calling for the necessity to implement the 13 steps agreed upon in the sixth review conference on the treaty .
also necessary is the adherence to multilateralism and to the other principles agreed upon in the framework of related international treaties and arrangements , in order to achieve the ambitions of vertical and horizontal non-proliferation , in parallel and in step with ambitions for the elimination of strategic weapons , especially nuclear weapons . "
the goldstone report raised the alarm ; it announced the predicament of the palestinian national movement and the grim outlook before it .
this predicament is not the authority 's alone , but of its opposition as well .
the hapless performance of the authority and hamas has proven that the palestinian people is without leadership , and that the tug-of-war over power is the only thing that both parties do well .
for it seems that confronting the occupation at this stage of the assault from settlement and racist madness , which aim to decide the issue of taking over jerusalem by force , is not on the agenda of either party to the internal palestinian conflict .
the authority bowed to american-israeli pressure , and its islamic opposition swallowed its criticism and rejection of the goldstone report in order to vilify the authority , with the intention of taking its place .
the palestinian people suffer today from a complete leadership vacuum .
the peace that the american president was bringing has achieved nothing so far , except a nobel peace prize . it is facing a grim outlook , on one hand , because of the intransigence of the israeli government , which includes the likud right and the labor left ;
and on the other hand , because of the absence of any serious arab and palestinian pressure on israel and the united states .
negotiations under current conditions , and with the balance of power on the ground as it is , will lead nowhere .
the political vacuum will grow . the indicators of a stable security and economic situation in the west bank are only a temporary illusion that will quickly wither away .
the american special envoy to the middle east , george mitchell , told palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , during their recent meeting , that he had failed to reach an agreement with the israeli side over their obligations under the roadmap and over suspension of settlements .
so here is the obama administration , only a few months after it elevated arab expectations by raising the issue of solving the arab israeli conflict and freezing settlement activities , undertaking the task of convincing palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas to agree to an implied agreement regarding only the settlements , neglecting the fundamental issues of land , jerusalem , refugees , and security .
the american administration 's objective in avoiding dealing with these issues , especially israel 's annexation of settlement blocs in the west bank , is to help netanyahu reconstruct his ruling coalition to include the kadima party , led by former foreign minister tzipi livni , which did not join his coalition earlier this year .
another objective is to provide obama with a quick diplomatic victory that would garner support within the american zionist lobby organization aipac .
and since the framework of nominal peace negotiations is currently the only subject of american attention , at the expense of core issues such as jerusalem , refugees , security , and borders ; it is up to us to recall that , according to international law , the city of jerusalem is illegally occupied territory . consequently , it is subject to the articles of the 1949 fourth geneva convention , which prohibits and criminalizes all acts of confiscation of palestinian land , forced evacuations , settlement , and changing the population and demographic composition of the country .
forty-one people died yesterday , monday , in an attack on the pakistani army , thought to be the work of a suicide attacker , at the same time as the taliban movement announced its responsibility for an attack that took place earlier in the week on army headquarters .
extremists intensified their attacks during the previous week , at a time when the pakistani army was preparing to launch a ground assault on south waziristan , the stronghold of fighters connected with the al-qaeda organization .
pakistan taliban movement fighters who are connected with the al-qaeda organization launched numerous attacks on government and foreign targets over the course of the previous two years , which caused hundreds of deaths .
pakistani police said that the target of yesterday 's attack in the shangla area near swat valley was a military convoy .
khan bahadur khan , the shangla police chief , said in a phone interview , " it appears to be a suicide attack . the attacker hit one of three military vehicles that were passing through the most crowded market in the area . "
the information minister of the region , mian iftikhar hussain , said that 41 people were dead , including 6 soldiers , while 45 others were injured .
as us special envoy george mitchell arrives in the middle east to hold another round of talks with palestinian and israeli leaders , palestinian president mahmoud abbas finds himself standing in the midst of violent tribulations that might impact efforts to resuming the peace talks .
abbas is criticized by members of the fatah party he chairs , as well as from his main rival , hamas .
there has been mounting discontent since the human rights council at the united nations decided last week to postpone voting on the goldstone report on the israeli military operation in the gaza strip and surrounding areas early this year .
while it seems at first there was no link , the recent acts of violence that took place in and around the holy site in jerusalem 's old city , known as the noble sanctuary to muslims and as the temple mount for jews , are associated , in the opinion of several analysts , with the drive of some palestinians to weaken abbas 's grip on power .
the reason behind the criticism is what the palestinians , as well as some in the arab world , hold against abbas as his apparent agreement to what seems to be permission , and even pressure , to effect a postponement of the vote in the human rights council for several months ;
the report of the committee chaired by south african judge and war crimes prosecutor richard goldstone , strongly criticized israeli activities in january .
council delegates had planned to vote on whether to refer the document to the united nations security council .
a united nations official confirmed today ( wednesday ) a decrease in the level of violence and armed confrontations in the darfur region in western sudan , which has been going through a civil war since the year 2003 .
peter de clercq , the high commissioner for refugees in sudan , said in a press conference at the headquarters of the united nations mission in khartoum , " we welcome the progress that has occurred in darfur with the decrease in armed confrontations and continue to hope for the continuation of this positive trend . "
he added , " however , we should not overlook the ongoing challenges faced by civilians living in areas of displacement : a lack of safety from the dangers of isolated attacks and banditry . "
he confirmed the willingness of the united nations high commission for refugees to work towards creating conditions that contribute to lasting solutions in darfur .
he said , " we must work in a manner more inclined toward covering the fundamental gaps by considering it a part of our continued focus on protection . "
he added , " our programs will not focus on the displaced only , but will include settled and nomadic groups . we will work with the government to ensure that the necessary conditions , which guarantee the safety and security of civilians , have been met . "
the united nations official criticized the phenomenon of abducting humanitarian aid workers in darfur ,
saying that " apart from causing harm to the security of humanitarian workers , this phenomenon works in the first place to isolate civilians affected by the war from the necessary protection and interventions to help them . "
palestinian officials and analysts considered today ( wednesday ) that the internal palestinian debate about postponing the vote on the goldstone report on the israeli war on gaza makes the reconciliation agreement " complicated , " despite egypt 's designation of october 25 as the date for signing the agreement .
the palestinian authority 's request to postpone the vote on the report of the fact-finding committee formed by the united nations ' human rights council , and chaired by judge richard goldstone , has sparked an intense internal crisis that has cast its pall over dialogue efforts , which egypt is exerting great efforts to complete .
palestinian forces and figures , as well as human rights groups , expressed their dismay at the attitude of the palestinian authority towards the vote on the report , which condemns israel for committing " war crimes " during the bloody assault on the gaza strip last december .
walid al-awad , member of the political bureau of the palestinian people 's party , said , " reconciliation will be difficult , complicated , and thorny , and it requires an intensification of palestinian efforts to be completed and realized on the ground . "
he continued , " contacts with all forces have been renewed , including the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) , to ensure that the dialogue session will be held on time , " in reference to the date for signing the reconciliation agreement on october 25 .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed aboul gheit said last monday in amman that the palestinian reconciliation agreement will be signed in cairo on october 25 between the palestinian factions , but an official source within the movement ( hamas ) announced earlier today that the group has asked egypt to postpone the date for signing the reconciliation .
the source said to the news agency ( xinhua ) , " hamas stipulated that in order to sign the reconciliation agreement , palestinian president mahmoud abbas should apologize in public to the palestinian people for his position on the postponement of the vote on the goldstone report . "
it also stipulated , " the arab sponsor states shall ensure that president abbas will not take crucial decisions alone , and that hamas detainees held in palestinian authority security services prisons in the west bank will be released . "
for his part , political analyst hani al-masri said " the possibility of signing the reconciliation agreement has deteriorated . " al-masri believes that the repercussions of the goldstone report reflected negatively on the prospects for signing the reconciliation , " especially in light of calls by some hamas leaders over the postponement of reconciliation to strip the citizenship of palestinian president abbas , and their accusation of the authority of high treason . "
a palestinian official announced today ( wednesday ) that president mahmoud abbas will deliver a speech explaining what happened with regards to the delay in the report of the fact-finding committee , headed by richard goldstone soon , accusing hamas of using the issue to disrupt the palestinian dialogue .
jamal muheisen , member of the central committee of the national liberation movement ( fatah ) in a statement to the news agency ( xinhua ) , said that abbas will return from his overseas trip on the tenth of the current month , where he will deliver a speech explaining what happened with regards to the postponement of the consideration of the goldstone report of the united nations ' human rights council .
the human rights council 's postponement last friday of the vote on the report on the " war " in gaza by south african judge richard goldstone , who accused israel of committing war crimes , at the request of the palestinian authority caused widespread controversy in palestinian and arab circles .
with regards to criticism by hamas of president abbas on the postponement of announcing his position on the report , muheisen said that what hamas is doing is a clear evasion of signing the palestinian reconciliation agreement on the twenty-fifth of this month under the auspices of egypt .
he added , " such unprecedented criticism of the person of president abbas by hamas , and what happened in gaza today , including the photos portraying the president as a traitor and the use of ridiculous phrases , demonstrates that there is an obvious consensus in all positions against the president and fatah , between hamas and israel . "
the six-party talks face opportunities to find a way out of the difficulties faced with the concerted efforts of the parties involved , according to deputy foreign minister wu dawei today ( wednesday ) .
wu , who also heads the chinese delegation to the six-party talks , said these remarks in a statement to answer questions on the visit by chinese premier wen jiabao to the democratic people 's republic of korea .
wu and the supreme leader of the democratic people 's republic of korea , kim jong il , came to an important consensus on the process of the denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
wu said that this consensus is of great importance to resume the six-party talks ,
and that it indicates that the talks face important opportunities to resolve the difficulties .
wen paid an official three-day goodwill visit to the democratic people 's republic of korea from october 4 to 6 .
during his meeting with wu on last monday , kim said that korea is willing to attend multilateral talks , including the six-party talks , depending on progress in talks with the united states .
the six-party talks , which were launched in 2003 on the nuclear issue in the korean peninsula , include all of china , the democratic people 's republic of korea , the united states , the republic of korea , russia , and japan .
the talks have been stalled since the last round held in beijing last december .
the foreign minister of south korea , yu myung-hwan , and the french envoy to the democratic people 's republic of korea , jack lang , agreed today ( wednesday ) to continue bilateral cooperation on nuclear disarmament in the dprk .
during a luncheon meeting here , yu spoke at length about seoul 's policies with regards to the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula and relations between the two koreas .
he hoped to deepen bilateral cooperation between the two governments on policy-making in the dprk .
the top diplomat in south korea said that seoul is willing to cooperate with the international community to provide assistance to dprk ,
pointing out that humanitarian aid to the government of dprk will continue , while a wide range of assistance projects , such as the construction of the industrial infrastructure in dprk , will be tied to progress on the nuclear issue .
the french envoy , agreeing with yu 's remarks , said that he agreed with the view of seoul on the situation in the korean peninsula ,
and stressed the importance of global cooperation on the nuclear disarmament of the dprk .
lang , who was appointed special envoy of french president nicolas sarkozy to the dprk last month , also stated to the media after his meeting with yu that european countries can participate in the international community 's process of compensating the dprk for nuclear disarmament .
pakistani prime minister syed yousuf raza gilani asserted today ( thursday ) the need to strengthen the partnership between the public and private sectors with regard to the establishment of a system of early warning and effective responses in case of emergency to mitigate the effects of disasters .
the official pakistani news agency reported that gilani was giving a speech at the opening ceremony of the conference organized by the national disaster management agency on the fourth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that killed nearly eighty thousand people and displaced some three million others in 2005 .
the prime minister said that the current response system needs to be strengthened by building institutional capabilities at the federal , provincial , and district level to respond in a timely manner when dealing with large-scale disasters .
he mentioned that the government has developed a multifaceted strategy to establish a comprehensive system for disaster management .
he explained that the government intends to institutionalize the system by focusing on prevention , preparedness , response , recovery , and relief .
he added that these development strategies are aimed at risk reduction and mitigation .
gilani said that pakistan needs to strengthen its capacity for early warning , particularly for drought and floods that occur frequently and have serious social and economic impact .
he said , " it is important to retain bitter memories of the earthquake of october 2005 when a whole generation of students was lost under the debris of collapsed schools . "
yasser al wadeya , head of the delegation of independent palestinian figures to the palestinian dialogue , revealed that egypt promised to open the rafah border crossing to the gaza strip immediately after signing the palestinian reconciliation agreement .
al wadeya said in a statement , a copy of which was obtained by ( xinhua ) news agency , that " egypt promised to open the rafah border crossing immediately after signing the reconciliation agreement . " he added , " the egyptian promise to open the rafah border crossing was reached after a series of meetings with egyptian officials . "
foreign minister ahmed aboul gheit had recently announced in amman that signing the reconciliation agreement among the palestinian factions will be in cairo on the 25 of the current month , october . however , the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) asked egypt yesterday to postpone signing the pact in light of the crisis over the goldstone report .
al wadeya stressed that the independent figures are currently seeking to provide real guarantees to strengthen the internal agreement and to start off a new phase on the internal level .
it is worth noting that the rafah border crossing has been closed since hamas militarily seized control of the gaza strip in june 2007 ,
and egyptian authorities open the border crossing in exceptional cases to allow the passage of patients and locked-out people living in gaza .
the arab league council at the level of delegates decided during its emergency meeting in cairo today ( thursday ) , to call on the general assembly of the united nations to convene a special session to discuss the situation in occupied jerusalem and the israeli violations of al-aqsa mosque .
ambassador youssef ahmed , syria 's permanent delegate to the league of arab states who chaired the meeting , said at a press conference that the arab group at the united nations will convene a special session of the general assembly of the united nations to raise the issue of jerusalem , with all of its implications , to report on the serious crimes and state terrorism committed by israel .
he continued by saying that israel is attempting , through its actions in jerusalem and al-aqsa , to distract attention away from the contents of the goldstone report regarding its war on the gaza strip , and explained that the arab position remains unchanged in relation to settlement , the peace process , and normalizing relations with israel .
he added , " we are mindful of the nature of israeli politics , which attempt constantly to create new facts on the ground ; hence the arab position of no follow-up and no dialogue with israel until the cessation of settlement , " pointing out that arab complacence is what helps the occupation authorities to proceed with their plans .
for his part , ambassador ahmed ben helli , deputy secretary general of the arab league , said that the league council informed the arab group at the united nations of the importance of mobilizing the general assembly to address the practices undertaken by israel towards jerusalemites and the blessed al-aqsa .
the senior political official at the united nations said thursday that conflict-torn somalia has made slow but noticeable progress towards stability , but that international financial support for the transitional government there is an important factor . the official , b.
lynn pascoe , under-secretary-general for political affairs at the united nations , said in a report to the united nations security council , " the money received today in somalia will have a much bigger impact on stability than the money that will arrive in the next three months , " adding that the " extremely generous pledges " to donate usd200 million that were made earlier during the year must be fulfilled immediately .
he mentioned that he and the under-secretary-general for field support , susana malcorra , will meet tomorrow with the major donors to asses levels of pledge fulfillment .
on the other hand , he said the humanitarian situation in somalia " has worsened dramatically " during the past three months due to escalating fighting in the capital , mogadishu , and the increasing security problem in many parts of southern and central somalia , as well as the deepening drought . nearly 3.7 million people , approximately 50 % of the population , currently need living and humanitarian assistance , an increase from 3.2 million people in january .
singapore , october 9 , 2009 ( xinhua ) : a senior official stated here today ( friday ) that the asia-pacific economic cooperation ( apec ) forum 2009 will be a milestone in how apec will position itself in the future .
singapore minister of transport and second minister for foreign affairs raymond lim explained at the pacific economic cooperation council that challenges will always evolve the proper framework for regional cooperation in the asia-pacific region .
note that the pacific economic cooperation council is the non-governmental official observer of apec and includes members from the asia-pacific region .
he said that restoring the original political and economic balance of the world is already happening , adding that the developments in asia and the pacific , particularly the relationship between china and the united states , are at the core of these changes .
he mentioned that " cumulative impacts of momentous events can reverberate over time . "
he explained that apec , through its main mission of promoting regional economic integration , continues to play a key role in the regional equation , adding that apec joins both sides of the pacific , and prevents it from splitting in the middle of the road .
he concluded by saying that apec will remain the key driving force behind regional cooperation , and the center of the regional equation as long as the focus remains on its guiding principles . ( end of story )
thousands of palestinians demonstrated in the west bank and the gaza strip today , friday , to denounce the recent events carried out by israeli authorities in the city of jerusalem and al-aqsa mosque .
marches began in the gaza strip following friday prayers in response to a call by the islamic resistance movement , hamas , for a day of anger in support of al-aqsa mosque , and to denounce the request of the palestinian authority to postpone the vote on the " goldstone " report at the human rights council .
ismail hanieh , head of the ousted palestinian government , said , " it is not possible for us to desert al-aqsa , or give up our jerusalem , and we will pay everything dear and precious in order for the al-aqsa mosque to remain protected and safe for everyone entering it , despite the crimes of the occupiers . "
hundreds of the movement 's supporters in the nusseirat refugee camp in the center of the gaza strip and khan younis , south of the strip , came out raising slogans and banners denouncing the israeli aggressions against the al-aqsa mosque and jerusalem , and rejecting the palestinian decision to postpone looking into the goldstone report .
hamas representative yahia moussa called in a speech before the protesters in khan younis , " al-aqsa is a part of our faith , and it is the center of the struggle between right and wrong , and arabs should be aware and the nation must rise . "
moussa asked the egyptian leadership to postpone signing the palestinian reconciliation agreement until what he called " the shame resulting from the goldstone report " is dispelled .
in the nusseirat refugee camp in the center of the gaza strip , the demonstrators called upon muslim scholars around the world to go out and protest , and to exercise their role in support of al-aqsa mosque .
armed activities and hostile fire claimed the lives of three soldiers from the international security assistance force ( isaf ) led by nato in afghanistan , according to a press release issued by the coalition today , ( saturday ) .
the statement said , " two isaf soldiers were killed in the explosion of a primitive explosive device yesterday , october 9 , in eastern afghanistan . "
however , the statement did not specify the nationality of the two dead soldiers . it stated that the third soldier who was killed on the same day , yesterday , was an american .
it stressed , " on the same day , an american soldier died of injuries he sustained in an attack with an improvised explosive device south of afghanistan . "
the military coalition said that ten militants were captured in a joint operation launched by isaf forces and afghani security forces in puli alam , capital of the southern logar province .
the statement said , " the search operation was conducted without any injuries , and no civilians were hurt during the operation . "
conflicts and violence this year have caused the death of 406 foreign soldiers so far , including at least 240 americans , in war-torn afghanistan .
local media outlets reported today ( saturday ) , that one of the two people whom the french police arrested on suspicion of being linked to al qaeda is a physicist who works for the largest atomic power plant in the world .
french authorities said yesterday ( friday ) , that the two brothers , whose identity were not revealed , are french ( 25 and 26 years old ) . they were arrested in vienne , in south-eastern france , 33 kilometers south of lyons .
the european organization for nuclear research ( cern ) confirmed that one of the two brothers is a physicist specialized in analysis projects at the organization .
the organization said in a statement that the physicist has no connection to anything that can be used for terrorism .
the statement added that the physicist is an analyst who works in the large hadron collider , the largest particle accelerator in the world .
the statement said , " his work does not put him in contact with anything that can be used in terrorism . none of our research has potential for military applications , and all our results are published openly in the public domain . "
local media outlets reported that investigators suspect that the two brothers were in contact over the internet with members of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb group , an extremist sunni group that regularly targets algerian government forces and occasionally attacks foreigners .
it is noteworthy that the suspect has not been seen at the european organization for nuclear research in several months , according to spokesman james gillies . this is not unusual , because the collider was out of order , and there are no colliding processes to be examined .
chinese premier wen jiabao , president lee myung-bak of the republic of korea , and new japanese prime minister yukio hatoyama accomplished a new milestone , even a new starting point for a mechanism for trilateral cooperation by holding the second summit meeting of the tripartite here today ( saturday ) .
remarkable progress : the first trilateral summit was held between china , the republic of korea , and japan in november 1999 in the form of an informal breakfast on the sidelines of a meeting of the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) plus three ( 10 + 3 ) .
jin xide , a researcher at the largest think tank in china , the chinese academy of social sciences , said , " the leaders of the three neighboring countries sat for the first time since the last millennium around one table . " until 2009 , there were several tripartite meetings within the framework of the 10 + 3 group : the first summit was held among china , the republic of korea , and japan , outside of this framework , in december last year in japan .
in the past decade , the three countries focused on eleven key areas of cooperation including economy and trade , information technology , and environmental protection , and established fifteen dialogue mechanisms at the ministerial level .
last year , the volume of trade among the three major economies in asia , which now constitutes 17 % of the global economy , and 90 % of the east asian , increased to 500 billion u.s. dollars , due mostly to a sharp growth in the chinese economy , and the growth of imports from the republic of korea and japan .
political and business leaders from china and belgium emphasized once again on friday their opposition to protectionism amid reports that the european commission is preparing a proposal to extend anti-dumping duties on chinese shoes .
deputy chairman of the state council of china xi jinping , in his speech during the opening ceremony of the chinese-belgian economic and trade forum held in brussels on friday and attended by more than 300 people from chinese and belgian companies , said , " we must take tangible measures to combat all forms of protectionism in trade and investment . "
xi said that continuing development of relations between china and the european union has faced new challenges and opportunities in a number of international issues , including the current global financial crisis .
xi , who was on an official visit to belgium , the first stop of his tour in five countries in europe , said , " i believe that mutually beneficial cooperation between china and the eu will see a better future thanks to the joint efforts of both countries . "
chong chan , deputy commerce minister of china , said that the fact that china has sent a trade delegation consisting of more than 100 chinese companies to belgium to boost trade and investment between the two parties shows its desire to strengthen cooperation with other countries in the face of the financial crisis .
chong explained , " the chinese government stands firmly against protectionism . "
israeli newspapers reported today ( sunday ) that the turkish army has decided to cancel the joint air exercises with israel that had been scheduled to begin tomorrow ( monday ) in protest against the israeli military operation in the gaza strip last winter .
the local newspaper jerusalem post quoted a statement from the office of the spokesman for the israeli army , stating , " the exercises have been postponed due to turkey 's decision to change the composition of the participants , and not to allow the israeli air force to participate . "
the newspaper 's report mentioned that the international air exercises named ( anatolian eagle ) were scheduled to be held this week with the participation of turkey , the united states , israel , italy , and nato forces .
it is noted that in recent years , israel and turkey have held a number of military exercises in the mediterranean with the participation of the united states .
israeli defense sources told the newspaper that turkey informed israel last week that israel has been barred from taking part in the exercises because ankara fears that israeli aircraft that were involved in operation strip cast bullets in gaza would participate in the military exercises .
the turkish army statement mentioned that instead of international exercises , ankara has decided to hold the exercises on their own .
the statement added , " anatolian eagle exercises are scheduled to take place during the period between october 12 and 23 , but that participation of other countries was suspended . "
israeli media believe that the cancellation of joint exercises is another sign of the ongoing tension between the two countries .
the explosion of three vehicles in the city of al-ramadi , the capital of al-anbar province in western iraq today ( sunday ) , killed some 20 people and raised concerns among the province 's residents of a deteriorating security situation and the return of violence to it again .
the concerns of the residents of the province over the deterioration of security situation come after the successes achieved in their province , which turned their province from the most dangerous province into the most secure and stable province .
residents of the province blame these bombings on the preoccupation of politicians with upcoming elections , as each one of them seeks to mobilize the largest number of voters for his list or bloc , forgetting about the security situation or not taking it seriously , which makes it possible for evildoers to carry out their crimes , according to mahmoud al-anbari , a ramadi resident .
a source at the iraqi ministry of interior told ( xinhua ) news agency , " two booby-trapped vehicles parked in a parking garage across from the al-anbar provincial building , in the center of al-ramadi , the capital of the province , exploded successively , while a third booby-trapped vehicle driven by a suicide bomber attempted to attack al-ramadi general hospital , causing the death of 19 people , including 9 members of iraqi police . "
the source pointed out that the three blasts resulted in the injury of 81 people , mostly iraqi policemen , and explained that 8 of the wounded were in serious condition .
the source stated that the blasts had resulted in the burning of tens of civilian and governmental vehicles , as well as causing physical damage to a number of governmental buildings and nearby residential units .
the source confirmed that the local authorities decided to impose a curfew in the city of al-ramadi and announced a reward of 10 million iraqi dinars ( approximately 9,000 us dollars ) to anyone with information leading to the arrest of those involved in these attacks .
it should be noted that al-anbar province formed the nucleus of the first cell in the awakening forces , who took it upon themselves to fight al-qaeda organization , and were able to expel the elements of this organization .
following the success of this experiment , it was extended to the rest of iraqi provinces , but al-qaeda organization kept looking for opportunities from time to time to launch bloody attacks on the cities of al-anbar province in retaliation for the expulsion and killing of its members .
al-anbari added , " the responsibility for what happened today in al-ramadi falls upon the politicians because the security forces are busy providing protection for them , leaving the citizen to face his fate in face of a ferocious attack carried out by factions that may be looking to take revenge on the residents of the province because the groups lost their privileges .
in a related development , risan al-fahdawi ( teacher ) told the ( xinhua ) news agency , " i favor the assumption that political groups are behind the attacks because al-qaeda organization has been eradicated in al-anbar . what i base my opinion on is that some tribal leaders and national figures were holding a meeting at the provincial building , and the explosion targeted them . "
but a security official in al-anbar province , speaking on condition of anonymity , accused al-qaeda organization of standing behind these bloody attacks , saying , " al-qaeda 's fingerprints and method are evident in these attacks : the first vehicle exploded and after a few minutes , while people gathered at the scene of the explosion , the second vehicle exploded . then a suicide bomber targeted the wounded and their relatives who had gathered near the hospital . "
the security official emphasized that this wicked method that aims to cause the largest number of casualties is used by al-qaeda organization , and it has been documented and recorded by security agencies in the province , and even in the other provinces .
it is noteworthy that al-anbar province used to be one of the most dangerous iraqi provinces after al-qaeda organization took control during the first three years of the occupation , but the residents of the province turned against the organization in 2006 after hundreds of its residents were killed and al-qaeda hijacked its identity .
al-anbar residents succeeded in taking revenge on al-qaeda organization and ridding their cities of it after they arrested and killed hundreds of its members , which has had positive effects on the security situation in all of iraq .
there were conflicting reports today ( sunday ) from the national liberation ( fatah ) and the islamic resistance ( hamas ) movement regarding postponing or moving forward the date for concluding the national reconciliation agreement between palestinian factions at a time when the egyptian position seems indecisive in terms of setting a date .
this confusion was also evident within each movement as well , especially hamas ; at a time when sources from the movement announced egypt 's agreement to delay talks , leading figures came out to declare the lack of agreement with egyptian officials on any date .
an official source within the hamas movement told ( xinhua ) news agency that there is " initial agreement " from egypt under a new proposal to delay the palestinian talks at its request , and added that egypt understands the rationale of the movement regarding the unsuitability of the present atmosphere to commence a round of negotiations and to sign a reconciliation pact .
the source added that hamas and egypt have agreed to continue communications and consultations to determine a suitable date for the talks , with a likelihood that the timeframe for the decision to postpone the dialogue could be one to two months at least .
however , khalil al-hayya , a member of the hamas political bureau , said : " we are clearly saying that we did not yet agree with our brothers in egypt , or make a promise or agreement on any date for the final round of reconciliation talks whether on the 25 of this month or any other date . "
the leaders of south america and africa are holding a meeting in kenya this december to establish stronger cooperation between the two regions and to discuss their positions on a number of pressing international concerns .
a statement issued by the kenyan ministry of foreign affairs today ( monday ) , said that the south-south cooperation summit to be held from december 1-3 in nairobi will bring together delegates from africa and south america .
the statement explained that the summit will provide kenya with the opportunity to advance economic development issues , including concerns over the environment .
the statement added , " the summit will also provide a basis for the position of the south before the copenhagen summit on climate change , which is scheduled to be held during the period from december 7-18 , 2009 . "
hosting the summit comes on the heels of the rigorous campaign led by the kenyan delegates in the general assembly of the united nations , which concluded its business recently in new york . the decision was reached unanimously on september 14 .
the summit is being held in relation to united nations conferences and major summits on economic , social , and related issues , including the doha declaration on financing for development and the havana program of action , which was adopted during the first south summit on the framework of the marrakech declaration on the implementation of south-south cooperation .
kenya is working with a special unit for south-south cooperation in preparation for the conference .
oil minister hussein al-shahristani predicts achieving a further increase in the iraqi budget of up to five billion dollars through increased production and oil exports .
the national media center ( the official agency of the iraqi government ) quoted a source at the ministry of oil today ( monday ) as saying that " the minister of oil predicted the increase in the federal budget through an increase in oil production and exports during recent months . "
he added that this increase occurred in the southern fields , where the output of these fields reached more than 100,000 barrels per day , adding that the ministry , through plans and the national effort of its national agencies , will toad to its domestic production an actual increase of up to 400,000 barrels per day in the near future .
the source added that the ministry of oil has now surpassed the highest rates in oil production , amounting to more than two million barrels per day .
it is noteworthy that iraq will depend mainly on oil in its general state budget , and that because of the global economic crisis and low oil prices in the international market , iraq was obliged to reduce its budget to less than 60 billion dollars , while it was planned to be more than 70 billion dollars .
british prime minister gordon brown announced today ( monday ) the sale of state assets worth 16 million pounds ( 25.4 billion u.s. dollars ) in an attempt to reduce high government debt .
brown told economists in central london , " we are planning to sell assets to deal with debt problems , and assets worth 16 billion pounds will be sold during the next two years . "
brown said that the british government will sell the undersea rail line , a bridge , and a booking company to raise 3 billion pounds ( 4.8 billion dollars ) to help address the problem of ballooning debt .
he also said that british local governments will sell other assets worth 13 billion pounds ( 21 billion u.s. dollars ) , including commercial districts and entertainment centers .
the funds will help to finance investment and reduce debt .
secretary of state for business peter mandelson said to sky news channel today that the sale " will help us to reduce the shortage without undercutting vital public services .
british government debt has increased in recent years as a result of economic recession .
finance minister alistair darling predicted that the government 's public borrowing to rise to hit a record high of up to 175 billion pounds this year .
prominent chinese official zhou yongkang met here today ( tuesday ) with sudanese minister of state for foreign affairs ali ahmed karti .
zhu , who is a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china , said , " we are happy to see progress made by sudan to resolve the darfur issue in an appropriate manner and to strengthen the peace process between the north and south of the country . "
in praise of china-sudan relations since their establishment 50 years ago , zhu said that the fruitful cooperation that serves both parties has given a successful example of cooperation among developing countries and to bringing tangible benefits to both peoples .
he added , " we commend the steadfast support of sudan in issues related to our principal interest , " indicating that china will support sudan in any matter that helps the country to achieve peace , stability , and development .
zhou said that china will accelerate the realization of the bilateral cooperation agreement on oil , credit , and projects , as well as studying increased cooperation in agriculture and other fields .
he expressed his hopes that sudan will make new progress in economic growth and the living standards of citizens .
karti said that his country is grateful for china 's assistance , and hopes that the two countries expand cooperation in agriculture and all sectors in an attempt benefit the peoples of both countries .
it is noteworthy that china and sudan established diplomatic relations on the fourth of february , 1959 ,
and that there is strong economic cooperation between the two countries . the volume of bilateral trade reached 8.2 billion u.s. dollars in 2008 .
an egyptian security source denied today ( tuesday ) the death of youssef abu zahri , brother of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) leader sami abu zahri , as a result of torture in an egyptian prison , according to akhbar masr website .
the website quoted the source as saying today that youssef abu zahri , the brother of islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) leader sami abu zahri , died from natural causes as a result of a sharp drop in blood pressure and high salt and urea levels .
fawzi barhoum , a hamas spokesman , said in a statement today that youssef abu zahri ( 38-years-old ) , brother of hamas spokesman sami abu zahri , died today in an egyptian prison , pointing out that he was held in an egyptian prison for six months , but refused to talk about the circumstances of his arrest .
in turn , hamas sources said that youssef abu zahri was arrested by egyptian authorities on april 28 as he was entering egyptian territory , and was questioned at the time by egyptian security at a houses in the egyptian town of el arish .
on his part , sami abu zahri accused egyptian security forces of torturing his brother to death , saying that the deceased had been subjected to " brutal torture " in egyptian prisons . he added that his brother suffered a severe hemorrhage as a result of torture suffered in egyptian prisons during the last two weeks , and that the egyptian prisons department refused to transfer him to the hospital until after his health condition deteriorated .
indian naxal radical left-wing ( insurgents ) launched new attacks in the middle of last night amid reports of government plans to attack them , resulting in the destruction of communications towers , rail lines , the office of a village local council , and a school , in the second day of the two-day strike in the states of bihar and jharkhand in the eastern region .
a senior police officer said , " approximately 150 naxal rebels destroyed a railway office in banshipur in lakhisarai district in bihar and set it on fire , causing disruption to rail traffic for approximately six hours . "
in neighboring munger district , another group of gunmen also blew up a village local council office , which resulted in the destruction of office furniture and the burning of land proceeds documents . however , there was no one in the office when the insurgents launched the attack in support of their counter-strike ( against the brutalities ) committed by the police . "
in a similar occurrence , naxal insurgents bombed a school building in the district of chatra in jharkhand by detonating high-explosive improvised explosive devices , according to the official , who added that there were no reports of casualties in either of the states .
the official pointed out , " police teams were sent to arrest those responsible for acts of violence in both states . "
seventeen members of the czech parliament announced today ( saturday ) that they will appoint a number of lawyers to file a legal complaint at the constitutional court to protest the lisbon treaty .
local media reported that members of parliament are asking the court to determine whether the treaty as a whole , rather than specific items , is consistent with the constitution in the czech republic .
parliament member jiri oberfalzer said that the complaint will be filed between next thursday and sunday .
it is possible that this is only the latest obstacle to the process of ratifying the treaty ; the last step before czech president vaclav klaus signs it .
tomas langasek , secretary general of the constitutional court , said that such a move would make the decision-making process difficult in court . he said , " any new procedure would mean making it a more difficult process . "
the treaty of lisbon was developed in order to modernize and strengthen the institutions and decision-making powers in the eu in line with its approximate doubling in size since 2004 .
with the recent ratification of the treaty by ireland and poland , the czech republic now is the sole remaining obstacle to the reform treaty , which requires the unanimous ratification of union member states .
the saudi arabian ministry of interior announced today ( tuesday ) that two terrorists were killed and a third was arrested in an exchange of fire with saudi security forces , of which one policeman was killed and another wounded near a checkpoint in the southern region of jizan .
according to the saudi press agency , ministry security spokesman major general mansour al-turki said that two terrorist gunmen were killed and a third was arrested in an exchange of fire with saudi security forces this morning at a jizan region checkpoint in southern saudi arabia .
he continued by saying that the armed confrontation that occurred at al-hamraa security point in jizan also resulted in the killing of a saudi security man and the wounding of another when gunmen disguised in women 's clothing opened fire on them when stopped for inspection .
he added that the security operation was executed in the light of information received about the deviant terrorist group 's plan to implement crimes aimed at disturbing the peace and public order . a sedan carrying three people , two of them dressed as women , came under suspicion .
he explained , " upon arrival of the female security inspector called according to 0regulations and instructions to identify the two individuals in women 's garb in the car , they opened heavy fire on the security officers who began returning fir , resulting in the killing of the two people traveling in the car and the arrest of a third . "
here today ( tuesday ) the european union and china held the fourth high-level debate on regional policy in order to promote bilateral cooperation in this area .
the annual meeting is held within the framework of dialogue between the european union and china on regional policy in order to agree on a joint agenda for 2010 to ensure the exchange of beneficial experience to both sides on regional policy .
the european commissioner for regional policy , pawel sameki , said in a statement to reporters before the meeting , " the regional policy dialogue is one of the most successful aspects of cooperation in the comprehensive policy dialogue between the eu and china . "
the commissioner added , " there is still a lot to learn from each other on how to address our challenges related to regional policy . "
the meeting will focus mainly on the deployment of a joint study on the regional policies of the european union and china .
the study , which must be ready by the end of this year , will compare between the key aspects of regional policy in china and the european union , including the classification of regions , regional governance issues , and the role of regional policy in promoting innovation and competitiveness .
the meeting also covers a three-week training program for about 30 chinese participants , including visits to projects supported by the eu regional policy in various member states .
the israeli cancer association announced today ( tuesday ) that the rate of survival among cancer patients in israel is among the highest in the world , according to local newspaper the ( jerusalem post ) on its website .
the association uncovered details of its activities carried out in cooperation with the israeli ministry of health and national health agencies in a press conference before the launch of a national fundraising campaign next monday .
according to the data , 61.4 % of jewish males and 67.3 % of jewish females live at least five years after the moment in which their cases are diagnosed as cancer .
in the israeli arab segment , 50.7 % of men and 64.9 % of women live at least five years .
the newspaper quoted micha barhana , the official responsible for cancer patient records at the israeli ministry of health of israel , as saying that israel now occupies a higher position than that of the united states , finland , italy , norway , and other countries with respect to this rate .
barhana added , " one of the most important influential factors with respect to chances of survival is the stage at which the disease is detected . public awareness , early diagnosis , and new technologies affect cancer diagnosis . "
bloomberg company agreed on tuesday to the acquisition of businessweek magazine , a subsidiary of the mcgraw-hill publishing company . however , the terms of the agreement were not announced .
according to bloomberg , the deal includes the print magazine and the website business week.com .
bloomberg ceo peter graor said in a statement that the acquisition will strengthen internet , television , and mobile products .
it is planned that norman pearlstine , the executive editor-in-chief of bloomberg , will fill the position of editor-in-chief of businessweek .
it is noteworthy that businessweek , which was founded in 1929 , has more than 4.7 million weekly readers in approximately 140 countries and regions , according to its website .
mcgraw-hill , its parent company , explored the strategic options of the magazine due to lower advertising sales and declining circulation .
mcgraw-hill companies announced in a separate statement that the deal would enable it to focus on building its other brands .
worth mentioning is the fact that bloomberg , the new york-based financial information provider , is the parent company of bloomberg news agency .
it employs more than 10,000 people in more than 135 offices around the world .
britain : arrests in several cities and explosion of suspicious car . links established between the failed london and glasgow attacks , and fears of new imminent attacks .
while british security services were put on high alert over the possibility of further attacks , peter clarke , head of scotland yard 's anti-terrorist branch , has declared that the investigations into the three failed attacks in london and glasgow were " extremely fast-moving " .
meanwhile , the new british prime minister gordon brown has indicated that there may be a link between " al qaeda " and the two car bombs found in london and the failed glasgow attack .
official sources have confirmed that there is a link between the three attacks .
the police have raided and searched houses in glasgow , staffordshire and liverpool , raising the number of detained suspects to five , including the two occupants of the cherokee suv who drove the flaming vehicle into the terminal of glasgow airport , in an attempt to blow it up .
the police announced that yesterday they carried out an explosion of a suspicious car parked near paisley hospital , near glasgow ( scotland ) , the same hospital where one of the perpetrators of the failed car attack on glasgow airport was being treated .
meanwhile , the police have arrested a man and a woman in their twenties in a car on the freeway in chester , and another man aged 36 in liverpool .
israeli spy vanunu sentenced to six further months in prison for violating restrictions placed on him since his release .
mordechai vanunu , the israeli nuclear spy , was yesterday sentenced to six months in prison for violating the restrictions placed on him since his release in 2004 .
the israeli authorities had imposed restrictions on his release , including a ban on leaving the country or talking to the media or foreigners without obtaining prior permission from the shin bet internal security service , which claimed that he was still capable of threatening state security by revealing more classified information .
the court in jerusalem found vanunu guilty of having contact with foreign nationals and journalists and of attempting to leave israel for ramallah , all of which constitute a violation of the restrictions imposed on him since his release in 2004 after spending 18 years in prison .
in addition to the six months ' jail sentence , he also received a six months suspended sentence .
in its ruling , the court said , " although he violated restrictions imposed on him 14 times , the court decided to be lenient and sentence him only to six months in prison " .
vanunu had been facing a penalty of seven years .
the jerusalem court stated that " the accused had declared that he considers " the restrictions imposed on him by the israeli judiciary to be " illegal " .
vanunu was released in april 2004 after spending 18 years in prison , but the courts drastically curtailed his freedom of movement .
the israeli authorities believe that he possesses sensitive information from the time when he used to work at the dimona nuclear reactor in the negev desert ( south ) .
he was convicted after revealing israeli nuclear secrets to the british " sunday times " newspaper in 1986 .
mordechai has made several appeals to the supreme court to lift these restrictions , but without success .
a moroccan-born israeli who worked at the israeli reactor near the city of dimona in the south of israel from the late 1970s to the early 1980s , vanunu insists that he has nothing new to reveal .
vanunu has converted to christianity and no longer considers himself an israeli . he has unsuccessfully applied for asylum in western countries several times since his release and complains that he is subject to permanent surveillance .
the hebrew state has never admitted to possessing nuclear weapons , yet foreign experts confirm , based on vanunu 's evidence and that of other individuals , that it possesses around 200 nuclear warheads and far-ranging missiles .
ban ki-moon withdraws his report on the sahara after controversy surrounding its content . the report focused on the moroccan initiative and ignored the proposals of the polisario .
un secretary-general ban ki-moon has withdrawn a report he prepared on the negotiations between morocco and the polisario front which took place last month in new york , following the controversy which resulted from the fact that the report mentioned the moroccan initiative calling for granting autonomy to western sahara , without mentioning the polisario proposal calling for a referendum on self-determination .
ban ki-moon stated that the report needed to be revised .
morocco did not immediately comment on the news , while spanish sources reported that the polisario and supporting countries , particularly algeria and south africa have protested , particularly after ki-moon 's report called on the front to abandon its ambition and to discuss the autonomy plan proposed by morocco . this prompted the secretary-general to withdraw the report from the official website of the united nations , in order to amend it to forestall any escalations prior to the next round of negotiations to be held on august 10 in new york .
last week , rabat sent implicit messages to the polisario and the international organization , in which it declared that it would not be prepared to negotiate on any proposal other than that of autonomy .
for his part , ahmed boukhari , the polisario representative to the un , stated that " there are two proposals on the table and both parties will deal with them . "
" there 's no room for other recommendations or observations that instead of helping the process could create problems for it . "
following the controversy caused by the report , a statement issued by the united nations said that " for the benefit of the process " peter van walsum , the special envoy of the secretary-general will submit an oral report to the international security council rather than a written report .
a third republican senator joins the list of critics of bush 's policy in iraq .
domenici called for a new strategy and blamed the iraqi government for the failure .
a prominent republican senator has joined the ranks of critics of george bush 's policy in iraq , calling for a new strategy just days before a new confrontation in congress
senator pete domenici from new mexico , member of the senate for three decades and a candidate in the 2008 elections , is the third influential republican official in ten days to publicly oppose the policy of increasing the number of us troops in iraq adopted by the american president .
in a press conference in albuquerque , new mexico the day before yesterday , he said " i do not support continuing with our current strategy " , blaming the iraqi government for failing to make enough progress to merit the sacrifices made by american troops .
according to the french press agency he said " i don 't support an immediate withdrawal from iraq or a reduction in funding for our troops " .
but he added : " i do support a new strategy that will move our troops out of combat operations and on to the path to come home . "
he said : " the iraqi government has failed to make even modest progress to help iraq itself or to merit the sacrifices being made by our men and women in uniform . "
the senator said he would support a bill presented to the senate calling for the implementation of the recommendations of the bipartisan iraq study group , which was published last year .
the group recommended adopting a policy aimed at withdrawing the majority of american combat troops from iraq by march 2008 .
furthermore , it added that some us troops have to remain in iraq to train the new iraqi army , protect american facilities and carry out counter-terrorism missions .
on tuesday , bush said that the strategy focusing on sending 30,000 extra troops into iraq , now reaching its peak , should be given a chance to succeed .
he said " if we were to quit iraq before the job is done , the terrorists we are fighting would not declare victory and lay down their arms . "
bush added " they would follow us here , to our homes .
however difficult the fight is in iraq , we must win it . "
last week , influential republican senator richard lugar caused a stir in political circles in washington when he told the senate that the policy of sending reinforcements had no chance of success .
republican george voinovich also recommended a withdrawal from iraq .
domenici 's statements come days before the return of congress members to washington after a week of recess , and with the democrats , who hold a majority in both houses , preparing to launch a new attack on bush 's policy in iraq .
senior democrats in the house of representatives and the senate have commented on domenici 's statements .
nancy pelosi , the leader of the house of representatives , said the question was whether republicans opposing bush would " join in voting to change the course in iraq and to bring the troops home " ?
she added , " how long until you respect the wishes of the american people to end this war ? "
the leader of the democrat majority in the senate , harry reid , said , " domenici is correct to assess the administration 's war strategy as being misguided . "
he added , " but we will not see a much-needed change of course in iraq until republicans like senators domenici , lugar and voinovich are willing to stand up to president bush and his stubborn adherence to a failing policy . "
bush envoy to sudan arrives in khartoum to speed up the peace process in darfur ; talks in security council on the implementation of the resolution on the deployment of forces in the region
andrew natsios , the envoy of the american president to sudan , began his field visit yesterday with a tour of the troubled darfur region . the visit of the american envoy , his second since his appointment to the post early this year , comes only days after the sudanese president omar al-bashir personally attacked him , accusing him of hampering the peace process in darfur , and of " inciting rebels in the region against the peace efforts , one day after the visit of two envoys from the african union and the united nations on the status of the road map to resume peace negotiations between the sudanese government and the darfur armed movements who reject the fragile abuja agreement . "
informed sources in khartoum said that the 7-day visit of the envoy of the us president to sudan aims to appraise the developments and the progress of the implementation of the comprehensive peace process in the south and the abuja peace agreement in darfur .
it will include natsios holding negotiations with several officials in the country , mainly the first vice president salva kiir mayardit , the vice president ali osman mohammed taha , the senior presidential aide minni arku menawi , and the sudanese foreign minister dr. lam akol ajawin ..
he is then to visit southern sudan .
meanwhile , abdalmahmood abdalhaleem mohamad , permanent representative of sudan to the united nations , said that there were closed talks between permanent member states of the security council , on some potential elements of the draft resolution on the hybrid operation in darfur .
he expected this week 's talks to include experts as well as the remaining members of the security council , after which a date would be set for a security council session in which the proposal would be officially discussed and the hybrid operation would be authorized .
abdalhaleem said that the current month of july and the coming month of august were significant in terms of the development of the darfur issue , in that it is expected that the security council will issue a resolution to authorize and fund the hybrid operation and will also raise the manner of reaching a peaceful solution to the issue . he referred to the current visit to the country by jan eliasson and salim ahmed salim , peace envoys to sudan from the united nations and the african union respectively which will be followed up by a conference to be held in tripoli in the middle of this month on darfur until august when political negotiations will begin with the abuja rejecters , according to what has been decided in the road map .
he also said that the previous agreement has now begun to be implemented , with the arrival of the new head of the african forces and the au-un joint envoy in khartoum .
one delegate stated that the sudanese mission in new york was taking part in the talks to ensure that the draft hybrid operation was in line with the previously approved basic conditions and reference points .
abdalmahmood said that the security council would hold a session next thursday to listen to the report on its members ' visit to a number of african countries , including sudan .
hong kong disneyland attracts more chinese tourists
with the tenth anniversary of the end of british rule in hong kong and this island 's return to china after 150 years , the hong kong disneyland amusement park , which is suffering low returns , yesterday , tuesday , opened a promotional exhibition in guangzhou in southern china in an attempt to attract more chinese visitors .
this may be an economically crucial step , particularly with china economically opening up to the world and adopting a market policy which has so far been responsible for the increase in wealthy individuals , whose numbers are on a par with those in the western world .
this exhibition , organized by the 3-billion dollar investment theme park , uses a variety of media to present the various entertainment elements in the park , and samples of what it contains . it is the first of its kind in the world .
as part of its promotional campaign , hong kong disneyland has , according to the german news agency , distributed 270 dvds all over china to persuade more chinese people , particularly in the southern provinces , to visit hong kong .
according to some reports , more than 100 million chinese people have sufficient financial means to enable them to travel abroad , which means that hong kong will not be the only country to benefit from this tourist flux .
hong kong disneyland opened its doors to the public in september 2005 .
the number of visitors has not been publicized since the admission that the target number of visitors of 5.6 million visitors in the first year had not been achieved .
moroccan king supports sarkozy 's mediterranean project , in a congratulatory message on the occasion of france 's national day .
king mohammed vi of morocco renewed his support for french president nicolas sarkozy 's project which calls for the creation of a union for mediterranean basin states .
in his message to sarkozy on the occasion of the french national day on july 14 , king mohammed vi , described the mediterranean project as creative , as it would meet the aspirations of the peoples of the region , and would meet the real challenges facing it , as stated in the royal message .
the king of morocco praised the " ambitious " reforms doggedly and resolutely undertaken by the new french president , as what he described as their initiative and clear vision aimed at continuing the influential role of france and bolstering its international standing .
the moroccan king expressed his delight at the forthcoming visit by sarkozy , planned for next october , saying , " this will be another opportunity for us to celebrate the french-moroccan friendship and to deepen our cooperation to support the values of peace , democracy , dialog and understanding between cultures . "
sarkozy 's first visit to north africa was supposed to include morocco , but in the end he decided to only visit algeria and tunisia , as morocco requested the postponement of sarkozy 's visit due to the busy agenda of the moroccan king , who was in medina and jeddah ( east ) on the day of sarkozy 's visit to algeria .
rabat justified the postponement by saying that it wanted sarkozy 's official visit to morocco to be a state visit which would last for as long as possible , allowing for extensive talks and discussions dealing with bilateral relations as well as regional and international issues .
the french presidency seems to have accepted the moroccan justifications , and was quick to deny that there were any transient problems affecting relations between rabat and paris , saying that the french president had affirmed that he would return to north africa for a longer visit , and that his short visit to algeria and tunisia was dictated by other commitments awaiting him in his country , to prepare for the forthcoming political season , as well as commitments on the european front .
difficulties facing the implementation of the " deal on wanted activists " ... israel denies an imminent withdrawal from palestinian towns .
the efforts of the palestinian authority aimed at closing the dossier of wanted activists linked to the al-aqsa brigades , the armed wing of the fatah movement , encountered difficulties after israel 's refusal to stop pursuing 206 wanted activists whom the authority asked to be included in the israeli amnesty decision .
israel justified its refusal by claiming that some wanted activists from the first list had not handed over their weapons to the security apparatus or had not signed a pledge to stop attacks on israel .
official security sources told al-sharq al-awsat that israel refused in principle to stop pursuing 28 wanted brigades members in the west bank , most of whom are in nablus and jenin , as they are suspected of being linked to the lebanese hezbollah .
the israeli newspaper yediot ahronoth reported that yuval diskin , the head of shabak , the israel security agency , met the palestinian minister of the interior abdul-razzaq al-yahya and other security officials in ramallah more than once to seek an acceptable solution for these wanted activists .
meanwhile , security sources confirmed this news to al-sharq al-awsat , but refused to go into detail .
however , informed sources from the al-aqsa brigades told al-sharq al-awsat that israel had proposed to expel the 28 wanted activists from the palestinian territories , or to round them up in ramallah or jericho , but the authority had rejected the proposal .
last wednesday , apparently as a result of the current crisis israel did not hand the authority a list which was to include the names of around 120 wanted brigade members .
a controversy has broken out among the al-aqsa brigades on the decision to halt attacks on israel .
the decision to stop the attacks , announced by zakaria al-zubaidi , the al-aqsa brigade commander in jenin , was rejected by leading figures in the al-aqsa brigades , who told al-sharq al-awsat that it was not binding .
in a related development , miri eisen , a spokeswoman for the israeli government , has denied news quoting palestinian officials and reported by newspapers and news agencies about israel 's imminent withdrawal from qalqilya and jericho .
she said , " not everything the palestinians demand can be fulfilled . "
the website of yediot ahronoth had recently quoted a palestinian official as saying that the authority was discussing with the israelis a plan to transfer the authority of palestinian towns over three stages , starting with qalqilya and jericho , followed by ramallah and bethlehem , and ending with tulkarem . according to the source nablus and jenin were excluded .
the israeli army has meanwhile expanded its operations in the west bank and last night arrested more than 25 palestinians from various towns in the west bank . this comes ahead of the expected release of 256 palestinian prisoners tomorrow morning at 9 am , who will be taken to the betuniya checkpoint near ramallah , according to the directorate of israeli prisons which announced that it was awaiting the approval of the supreme court of justice , following the submission of petitions demanding that no palestinian prisoners be released . the israeli state prosecutor had informed the court that the decision was a political one , which the courts have no authority over .
the palestinian president mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) will welcome the released prisoners by the grave of the late president yasser arafat in the presidential headquarters in ramallah .
aramco reiterates that production and shipping activities have not been affected by the fire at ras tanoura port ; announced 4 workers dead and 12 others injured
four workers with the maintenance firm working on the project , two from the philippines , one from india and one from sri lanka , died in the fire which broke out on thursday in the northern ras tanura port , saudi aramco announced .
one saudi employee of saudi aramco , and 11 workers of the contractors carrying out maintenance projects ( six indians , four sri lankans and one bangladeshi ) were also injured .
saudi aramco president and ceo abdullah saif expressed his deep sorrow and condolences for the families of the deceased , and wished the injured a speedy recovery .
aramco reiterated that production and shipping activities have not been affected by the incident , and that a technical committee has immediately been formed to investigate the causes of the accident .
it is worth noting that saudi aramco 's fire brigade and operations team successfully contained the fire within an hour of its outbreak . the accident began last thursday , rajab 5 1428 h , july 19 2007 , at around 9 : 30 a.m. , and was brought under control at exactly 10 : 30 a.m.
the port at which the accident occurred is an offshore storage and export platform for tankers loading oil , and had been undergoing maintenance work for over a month .
fatah thwarts hamas ' attempts to convene legislative council amid claims of breaches of the constitution ; israel kills 4 palestinians .
the fatah parliamentary bloc boycotted the call by ahmad bahr , the acting speaker of the palestinian legislative council , thus preventing the session from being held to discuss a vote of confidence in the government headed by the acting prime minister salam fayyad , in response to a call by fayyad to grant confidence to his government .
the dispute between hamas and fatah has renewed the issue of the weakness of constitutional institutions , as the fatah movement considered bahr 's call " illegal " , while bahr demanded that someone other than salam fayyad be named to form the new government .
the leader of the fatah bloc azzam al-ahmad said that the call by bahr to the legislative council contradicts the presidential decree on starting a new session of the council , adding that hamas needed to start by electing a new leader for the council and the presidency , on the basis of the council 's statutes and the rules of procedure of the council .
furthermore , palestinian medical sources reported yesterday that four palestinian activists were killed in two israeli attacks in gaza , one of which targeted a group affiliated to saraya al-quds , the military wing of the islamic jihad movement in beit hanoun in the northern gaza strip .
death of indian robin hood , highway robber and friend of the poor , after 32 years on the run
the indian robin hood has finally died after 32 years on the run .
indian police said that the highway robber , who used to defend the woods from illegal felling activities , and was known among many indians as the local robin hood , was shot yesterday ( sunday ) in northern india .
shiv kumar patel , 56 , also known as " dadua " , was killed along with 10 members of his gang in the state of uttar pradesh .
kumar faced more than 200 criminal cases against him , including murder , extortion and kidnapping , reuters reported yesterday .
many local villagers hailed kumar as a kind of robin hood .
he would often rob from the rich to feed the poor , particularly those belonging to his own low " kurmi " caste .
kumar had been roaming the jungles of uttar pradesh and neighboring madhya pradesh state for decades .
the authorities had offered a reward of 500,000 rupees ( us $ 12,300 ) to anyone helping to catch him .
the herald tribune reported that villagers said kumar was protected by their love and respect for him , as he used to share his loot from his attacks on the rich with them .
moreover , the villagers would vote for candidates supported by kumar , and he would advise the villagers on whom to elect .
the parties were therefore careful not to make enemies with him .
ramesh sharma , the head of a charity organization in the region of chitrakoot , said that he had chosen to " back the wrong party " , which precipitated his end and that of his dreaded gang .
sarkozy : if we don 't give arabs nuclear energy we will risk a clash of civilizations ; he defended his deal with libya ; germany accuses him of acting against its interests .
the nuclear cooperation protocol signed by nicolas sarkozy during his visit to tripoli two days ago has stirred controversy . bulgaria rejects libyan protests at the pardon granted to the nurses and the palestinian doctor who were handed over by tripoli yesterday .
the french branch of the environmental campaigning group greenpeace said that the french-libyan deal " poses enormous problems concerning nuclear proliferation and is a clear continuation of the french policy of irresponsibly exporting its nuclear technology " .
but sarkozy defended the deal , saying that the west should trust arab states to develop such technology for peaceful purposes or risk a war of civilizations .
sarkozy told reporters in libya that to consider the arab world not responsible enough to use civilian nuclear power would , in the long run , risk a war of civilizations breaking out .
" nuclear power is the energy of the future , " he said . " if we don 't give the energy of the future to countries in the southern mediterranean , how will they develop themselves ? and if they don 't develop , how will we fight terrorism and fanaticism ? "
yesterday , a senior official in the german ministry of foreign affairs attacked the deal between france and libya , saying that it would create political prolems that could harm germany 's interests .
secretary of state gernot erler told friday 's edition of handelsblatt newspaper , according to an extract released in advance , " politically , this business is problematic " .
the refugee commission condemns turkey for deporting 135 iraqis ; demands urgent clarifications from ankara .
geneva - afp : the united nations high commission for refugees expressed its regret that turkey had deported 135 iraqis and sent them back to their country , and warned that this step constitutes a clear violation of international law .
in a statement published in geneva the day before yesterday , the agency expressed its " deep concern at reports that the turkish authorities forcibly returned 135 iraqis to their home country earlier this week " .
the unhcr demanded urgent clarifications from the turkish government .
" given the current situation in iraq , the unhcr is extremely concerned for the safety of these people " , the agency said , adding that no information is currently available on their whereabouts .
the statement said that 135 people were apprehended near izmir in western turkey earlier this month , and were part of a group of some 500 people - most of them iraqis , palestinians , sri lankans and afghans , who were about to secretly leave turkey .
the unhcr said that some of the iraqis had applied for asylum in turkey .
it added , " if this is confirmed , the deportations would be a clear violation of the principle of non-refoulement , under which no refugee or asylum seeker can be forcibly returned to a country where their life or liberty may be at risk . "
" refoulement is explicitly prohibited by the 1951 un refugee convention " , the unhcr continued .
the unhcr called upon member states not to forcibly deport iraqis from southern or central iraq and to automatically consider them refugees , due to the severe human rights violations in the region .
taliban issues final deadline and threatens to start killing the koreans this afternoon ; karzai spokesman condemns the holding of hostages .
kabul - reuters : a taliban spokesman yesterday said that movement leaders set 0730gmt on monday as a final deadline for the korean hostages . he said the movement would start killing the hostages if their prisoners are not released by that time .
taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousuf said the deadline had been set by the taliban leadership , headed by movement leader mullah mohammad omar , giving the threat added weight .
the kidnappers killed the leader of the korean group on wednesday , but several further deadlines have passed without the rebels carrying out their threat to kill the remaining hostages
" since the talks between us , the kabul administration and the korean government have reached deadlock and they are not honest ... we will start killing the hostages if they do not start releasing our prisoners by tomorrow at 12 o 'clock , " yousuf told reuters by telephone from an unknown location .
sporadic talks between the afghan government and korean diplomats on one side and taliban rebels on the other have continually snagged over the rebel demand for kabul to swap prisoners for the korean hostages .
afghan president hamid karzai has previously ruled out any deal with the taliban after coming under harsh criticism for freeing five taliban prisoners in exchange for the release of an italian hostage in march .
in his first comments on the latest hostage case , karzai condemned the kidnapping , but did not say whether any deal might be possible .
" hostage-taking and the abuse of foreign guests , especially women , is against islam and afghan culture and the perpetration of this heinous act on our soil is in total contempt of our islamic and afghan values , " a spokesman quoted him as saying .
an afghan minister said on saturday force might be used if talks fail .
the vatican described the kidnapping a " grave violation of human dignity that clashes with every elementary norm of civility and rights and gravely offends divine law " .
eighteen of the remaining hostages are women .
yousuf said some of the captives who are being held in small groups at different locations were sick .
ghazni 's governor , mirajuddin pathan , said medicines the korean government had wanted to send could not be delivered on saturday because the afghan team could not establish contact with the taliban .
he said the government did not want to use force to rescue the hostages .
" we have no plan to attack , " he told reuters .
" we are trying to send the delegation for more talks . "
in addition to afghan forces , foreign troops are also stationed in ghazni .
south korean special envoy baek jong-chun met karzai yesterday to discuss ways of ending the hostage crisis .
the taliban are also still holding one german and four of his afghan colleagues , abducted from a neighboring province a day before the koreans .
another german seized alongside them was later found dead with gunshot wounds .
the south koreans are the largest group of foreigners who have been abducted by the taliban since u.s.-led forces and afghan forces overthrew their governnment in 2001 .
it comes amid an increase of violence in the past 18 months , the bloodiest period since the taliban 's removal .
egypt : " action " of arab " jihadi " group aborted 3 weeks after the implementation of strict security measures in subway stations .
three weeks after the implementation of strict security measures in subway stations , egypt yesterday announced the abortion of what it called an " action by a group adopting salafi jihadi thought " comprising different arab nationalities , without specifying the names or nationalities of any of its members .
the information department in the egyptian ministry of the interior refused to give any more details .
the official egyptian middle east news agency quoted a so-called " responsible official source in the ministry of the interior " as saying that the security forces " have been able to abort the action of an organizational group adopting salafi jihadi thought formed by members who are arab nationals " and that " the security forces were able to monitor and arrest these members who repeatedly visited the country and lived there illegally for some time . "
he continued saying that the arrest coincided with the arrest of 18 members of the outlawed " muslim brotherhood " group in the al-marg area ( northeast cairo ) , and that all the suspects have been referred to the higher state security prosecutor , where they were questioned and remanded in custody . he stated that , " no organizational link between these two actions has yet been proved " .
egypt had in the past 3 weeks seen strict security measures imposed in subway stations in anticipation of terrorist attacks . it was noticed that these measures , which included the search of bags of subway passengers , have been relaxed in the past couple of days .
pakistani opposition leaders call on musharraf to resign .
london , 7 / 9 / 2007 ( afp ) - the conference organized by pakistani opposition leaders ended its proceedings on sunday in london with calls for president pervez musharraf to resign and for former prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif to be permitted to return to the country .
in a joint declaration issued at the end of a weekend conference , the all parties conference said general musharraf 's military rule had " brought pakistan to the edge of a precipice , leading to strife , chaos and the threat of the disintegration " of the country .
the london conference was hosted by mr sharif and also featured opposition leaders imran khan , maulana fazal-ur-rehman , qazi hussain ahmed and amin fahim , vice-chairman of the pakistan people 's party .
the pakistan people 's party leader benazir bhutto did not attend , despite being invited .
38 parties in total were represented at the conference , of which all but one , the pakistan people 's party , agreed to have all of their mps resign if musharraf followed through with plans to get himself re-elected by parliament before polls due at the end of this year or early next year , as nadir chaudri , nawaz sharif 's spokesman , told the france press agency ,
the pakistan people 's party decided to reserve its decision .
since suspending chief justice iftikhar muhammad chaudhry in march , president musharraf has faced his biggest crisis since he came to power as a result of a coup in october 1999 .
the all-parties conference called for the resignation of president musharraf and for general elections to be organized by an unbiased provisional government .
it also demanded that exiled former prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif , who ruled pakistan before musharraf , be permitted to return to the country .
the 16-point declaration also called for the reinstatement of suspended chief justice chaudhry and pledged to press for full freedom of the media and freedom of expression .
al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb rejects reconciliation between algeria and france
dubai 7 / 11 / 2007 ( afp ) - the leader of " al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb " criticized efforts to develop relations between algeria and france on tuesday , and called upon france to " confess to all the crimes it has committed against muslims in algeria " .
in a statement published today on the internet , the leader of the organization , abu musab abdul wadud , particularly condemned current efforts to sign a friendship treaty between france and its former colony algeria , as he said .
according to the statement , which coincided with the visit of nicolas sarkozy to algeria on tuesday , " there is still a wall of skulls and dead bodies and a sea of tears and blood separating france and muslims " , and " the real islam rejects the term friendship with unbelievers " , as he said .
algeria was occupied by france from 1830 until it gained independence in 1962 after a liberation war which claimed the lives of more than one million martyrs .
abu musab abdul wadud continued in his statement , " the history of france in algeria , since 1830 to this day , has been full of crimes , repression , hegemony , tyranny , murders , exile and displacement . there is almost no justification in a history spanning two full centuries for having ties , even superficial ones , with france , in addition to their being no justification for friendship with her " .
sarkozy declared that he would return to algeria in november for a state visit prepared by both countries , which will produce " tangible results " .
the conclusion of the friendship treaty between the two countries had stumbled over france 's refusal to assent to algeria 's demand that it acknowledge its colonial " crimes " .
the french president has repeatedly asserted that he rejects the idea of his country apologizing for its colonial past and of its people bearing the guilt for their forefathers ' practices .
abdul wadud demanded that france in particular " acknowledge all the crimes it committed against muslims in algeria , since acknowledgement is known to be the first step towards conciliation , referring to how germany acknowledged " what it had done to the jews " .
" why should france not acknowledge as germany has done ? "
he concluded the statement by saying , in a threatening tone , " if sarkozy continues with his old ignorance and still insists on saying that sons cannot apologize for the actions of their fathers , he will have to expect that sons in algeria will not keep silent about what happened to their fathers " ..
he also demanded that france stop interfering in algeria 's internal affairs and withdraw its forces from afghanistan and lebanon .
al-maliki : iraqi forces are capable of taking over the security dossier any time they want
baghdad 7 / 14 / 2007 ( afp ) - the iraqi prime minister nouri al-maliki announced on saturday that his government was capable of bearing responsibility in the event of a " reduction or sudden withdrawal of international forces " from the country .
al-maliki told journalists , " in the previous stage we began taking over responsibility for security , and our forces are now in a stage of confrontation and battle against terrorism with the support of international forces , who have given our forces more confidence , competence and experience in taking over these operations . "
" this ushers in an advanced phase in which full responsibility for security can be taken " , he added .
he continued , " we say with full confidence that we are able to assume full responsibility for the security dossier whenever international forces decide to withdraw . "
but he also stated at the same time that " iraqi forces are still in need of more weapons and training " and that " the government is serious about increasing the number of forces and training and preparing them so that they are able to assume responsibility when international forces decide to scale down or withdraw at any time . "
on thursday , the house of representatives approved a bill demanding that us troops leave iraq by april 1 , 2008 , in a new challenge to president george bush , who is against setting any dates .
president bush used his veto in a similar bill suggesting a timeline for the withdrawal of around 160,000 us troops currently in iraq .
us-iraqi troops launch strikes on qaeda strongholds in southern baghdad
baghdad 7 / 16 / 2007 ( afp ) - thousands of iraqi and american troops launched a massive assault on al-qaeda strongholds south of baghdad on monday in a bid to stem the flow of weapons into the capital , a spokesman for the us army said on monday .
the army statement said that " us forces launched an operation targeting insurgents around the town of jurf al-sakhr which lies to the east of the province of anbar and the north of the province of babil .
jurf al-sakhr , which is around 60 km south of baghdad , is considered one of the main qaeda strongholds , in the area known as the triangle of death .
" the operation which involves iraqi troops alongside the american army is trying to purify the euphrates valley , " major alayne conway , spokesman for the us army said .
he said " the operation was targeting an enemy sanctuary in and around the area , south of baghdad . "
on sunday , major general rick lynch , commander of us troops in towns south of baghdad and the provinces of babil , najaf and karbala ( south ) , said that " a series of operations were planned in the area . "
the operations were aimed to " stop the weapons flow into baghdad " , he said .
lynch claimed that " a large amount of weapons were entering baghdad and other central regions from iran . "
he said " the recent arrival of reinforcements as part of president george bush 's strategy of increasing the number of troops around the capital has helped carry out these operations .
" if we didn 't have these units we couldn 't fight the enemies , " the us commander stated .
sarkozy might visit libya " soon " ( presidency ) .
paris 7 / 18 / 2008 ( afp ) - nicolas sarkozy may visit libya " soon " in response to an invitation by the libyan leader general muammar gaddafi , if this will contribute to the " settlement " of the case of the bulgarian nurses , the spokesman for the french president said on wednesday .
presidential spokesman david martinon said that the french president and the libyan president had spoken on the phone on tuesday and that gaddafi had invited sarkozy to visit libya .
the official libyan news agency reported that sarkozy had announced on tuesday evening that he intended to visit libya " within the next few days " at the start of an african tour .
" of course , the president accepted the invitation , which he will honor quickly " , the spokesman said , adding that sarkozy would travel to libya " if it is useful to the resolution of the case of the aids-infected libyan children and the bulgarian medical team " .
this announcement comes after libyan courts decided to commute the death sentence of five bulgarian nurses and a doctor , accused eight years ago of deliberately infecting 438 libyan children in the city of benghazi with the aids virus , to life in prison .
this decision opens up the possibility of extraditing the medical team to sofia , where they would serve their sentence in accordance with a bilateral agreement signed in 1984 .
last thurday , cecilia sarkozy , the french president 's wife , traveled to libya , where she visited the nurses and the families of the children infected with aids .
she also met the libyan leader as part of this sudden unofficial visit .
person arrested on suspicion of being linked to a plot to assassinate berezovsky .
london 7 / 18 / 2007 ( afp ) : scotland yard announced on wednesday evening that a man has been arrested on suspicion of being linked to a plot to assassinate russian businessman boris berezovsky .
the police said in a statement that this man was arrested in central london on june 21 and released two days later into the custody of the immigration service .
the police refused to determine the nationality of the suspect , in response to a question by afp .
this announcement comes only hours after a press conference held in london , in which berezovsky accused the russian president vladimir putin of personally arranging a plot to assassinate him .
on wednesday , " the sun " revealed that a russian man was preparing to assassinate berezovsky in a london hotel , but that britain 's security services ( mi5 and mi6 ) , had foiled the plot in the last minute .
at his press conference , berezovsky had said that putin was " personally behind this plot . i am not at all surprised that they tried to kill me . "
he said that after scotland yard had informed him of the plot he left britain on june 16 , then returned around 10 days later after getting the green light from the police .
in the morning he told the british broadcasting corporation ( bbc ) that a russian source had told him about the assassination .
the killer would subsequently confess that the murder was motivated by personal reasons , " and in this case he will get 20 years , he will spend just 10 years in jail , then he will be released , and he and his family will be paid " .
mr berezovsky was granted political asylum in britain in 2003 after putin came to power .
russia has repeatedly requested his extradition unsuccesfully and accused him of plotting a coup .
london considers russia 's announcement to expel british diplomats " unjustified "
london 7 / 19 / 2007 ( afp ) - british foreign secretary david miliband said on thursday that russia 's announcement to expel british diplomats was " completely unjustified " saying he was " disappointed " by this decision .
he said " we believe the decision to expel four of our embassy staff is completely unjustified . "
on monday , britain announced that it was to expel four russian diplomats in response to moscow 's refusal to extradite former russian intelligence agent andrei lugovoi , the main suspect in the murder of the former russian agent alexander litvinenko , who died in london in november 2006 , poisoned with highly radioactive polonium .
moscow responded on thursday with a series of measures , among which was the expulsion of four british diplomats and the suspension of cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said that russia would temporarily stop granting entry visas to british " officials " and would suspend visits by russian officials to britain .
miliband said , " we are now studying these measures very carefully to understand them in detail " , expressing his country 's " disappointment at russia 's unwillingness to cooperate " with the request for the extradition of lugovoi .
" we are , however , much heartened that over the last 36 hours across the international community , european countries , the eu as a whole and the united states should have put out such positive statements about the need to defend the integrity of the british judicial system " , he said .
" that 's something that we will be taking forward with the international family over the next few days and weeks " , he added .
new phone conversation between sarkozy and gaddafi .
paris 7 / 19 / 2007 ( afp ) - french president nicolas sarkozy and general muammar gaddafi discussed sarkozy 's planned visit to libya on thursday during a new telephone conversation , elysee spokesman david martinon announced .
martinon said , " in the context of the expected release of the bulgarian nurses and doctor and the definitive settlement of the agonizing problem of the libyan children infected with aids , they discussed the president 's planned visit to libya . "
the spokesman had previously declared that sarkozy would visit libya " soon if this will contribute to the settlement of the case " of the bulgarian nurses and doctor .
but he refused to determine the date of the visit , while bernard kouchner , the foreign minister , declared that the visit was expected to take place on wednesday , but he did not exclude the possibility of the visit being rescheduled again .
the libyan courts decided to commute the death sentence of five bulgarian nurses and a medic to life in prison after charging them with infecting libyan children with the aids virus .
negotiations aimed at having them extradited to bulgaria are ongoing .
meanwhile , benita ferrero-waldner , the european commissioner for external relations , declared in paris on thursday that the release of the bulgarian medical team was not to be taken for granted .
" it has not happened yet , so we have to work ( to make it happen ) , and we are cooperating " , she said .
she expressed her " hope " that they will be released within days .
she said , " but i cannot promise this either " .
sarkozy received a phone call from bulgarian president georgi parvanov in which they " exchanged information on the latest developments of this dossier " , david martinon also added .
start of legislative and municipal elections in cameroon
yaounde 7 / 22 / 2007 ( afp ) - polling stations opened their doors at 8 am ( 7 am gmt ) on sunday in cameroon for the legislative and municipal elections , the france agency correspondent in the cameroonian capital reported .
in polling stations in yaounde , the polling equipment was ready before official opening hours , so the centers opened their doors at 8.00 .
" everything is ready , all we are waiting for are voters , " said the head of a polling station in tsinga high school in central yaounde , which got off to a slow start in the first hours of the voting process .
in douala ( southwest ) , the economic capital of cameroon , most stations opened after a slight delay due to the late arrival of the polling equipment , but the election process then began normally according to agence france presse eyewitnesses .
in 2002 , legislative and municipal elections were postponed at the last minute for a whole week due to severe organizational problems .
around 5.5 million voters out the country 's 16 million people were invited to elect 180 deputies and 359 municipal councilors in this central african country led by paul biya since 1982 .
the cameroon people 's democratic movement headed by the president of the country ( 149 seats ) is expected to maintain its control of parliament .
24 kurdish deputies elected to turkish parliament ( tv ) .
ankara 7 / 22 / 2007 ( afp ) - 24 kurds demanding a peaceful resolution to the kurdish dispute were elected as deputies in the turkish parliament in the legislative elections held on sunday ; this is after they were removed from parliamentary life for 13 years according to unofficial results mentioned on television channels .
tv channels cnn turk and ntv reported that 24 kurds were elected as deputies in the provinces of eastern anatolia and southeastern anatolia after running as " independents " .
the ( pro-kurdish ) democratic society party , which enjoys strong support in this region , had backed 60 candidates in the elections .
the winning candidates will be able to form a bloc in the new parliament .
ahmet turk , a kurdish politician who resigned from his party to take part in the elections , said : " our mission will be to contribute to peace and democracy . "
he added in a tv statement that " we demand a new view " of the kurdish problem .
in their campaigns , the candidates focused on the issue of reconciliation between turks and kurds .
they demanded that ankara in particular abandon the military option against kurdish workers party separatists and grant kurdish minorities more rights .
kurdish mps had their immunity stripped in 1994 after they were accused of having links with the kurdish workers party .
some of them were imprisoned while others were exiled .
canada announces resumption of direct aid to palestinian government .
ottawa 7 / 23 / 2007 ( afp ) - on monday , canada announced it was resuming direct aid to the palestinian government , which it suspended in 2006 when the hamas movement formed the palestinian government following its victory in the legislative elections .
canadian minister of foreign affairs peter mackay said in a statement : " in light of the new palestinian government 's commitment to non-violence , recognition of israel , and commitment to previously signed agreements , and in recognition of the opportunities to renew peace efforts , canada will provide assistance to the new palestinian government . "
the minister added that ottawa " welcomes the sense of responsibility demonstrated by ( palestinian ) president ( mahmoud ) abbas and prime minister ( salam ) fayyad in creating a government that canada and the rest of the international family can cooperate with "
canada was the first country to announce it was suspending direct aid to the palestinian government in 2006 as hamas won the legislative elections .
on monday , ottawa pledged 8 million canadian dollars ( usd 6.7 million ) in direct aid for the new government by way of the quartet-approved temporary international mechanism .
the ministry of foreign affairs announced that canadian assistance would focus on priorities identified by fayyad , " particularly security , economic , social and economic development . "
after accusing hamas of carrying out a military " coup " in gaza , the president of the palestinian authority , on june 13 , declared a state of emergency in the palestinian territories , disbanding the national unity government and created an emergency government led by salam fayyad .
canadian authorities also expressed their concern about the humanitarian situation of the palestinians , especially in gaza , and declared that it would make a $ 1 million contribution to the international committee of the red cross .
the ministry stated that " in the last fiscal year , canada provided more than $ 30 million in humanitarian assistance to palestinians , including refugees . "
ottawa is further exploring opportunities for partnerships with the eu in police training .
ottawa 's announcement to resume financial aid to the palestinian government comes days after the visit of king abdullah ii of jordan to canada .
canadian media was expecting an announcement regarding the resumption of aid to the palestinians to be made on that occasion .
israel allowed arms transfer to the palestinian authority ( haaretz )
jerusalem 7 / 26 / 2007 ( afp ) - israel recently authorized the transfer of weapons from jordan to the palestinian authority , the deputy israeli defense minister matan vilnai said on thursday .
vilnai told israel 's channel 10 television : " we permitted the transfer of arms , and while we are not sure that they will not end up in hamas 's hands , we want to prevent them from taking power in the west bank . "
" we hope that forces loyal to abu mazen will , as a result , be able to oppose hamas . we are not confident but are doing what we can " , he added .
on wednesday , prime minister ehud olmert referred to the arms transfer operation , talking of " different , more confidential initiatives " as part of the measures taken by his government to support mahmoud abbas ' position .
on thursday , the haaretz newspaper reported that the government had authorised the shipment of 1,000 m-16 assault rifles from jordan to the palestinian authority .
the paper said it would be the largest such amount of arms ever to be transferred to the palestinian security forces with israel 's approval .
haaretz said that since the beginning of this year , several thousand rifles have been delivered from egypt and jordan to fatah forces with israel 's approval .
but most of these weapons have fallen into the hands of hamas in the gaza strip .
general petraeus : british not planning withdrawal from iraq
wasington 7 / 3 / 2007 ( afp ) - general david petraeus , the commander of us forces in iraq , said on monday that he does " not believe " the british are currently planning to pull their troops out of iraq in an interview with the american tv network " abc news " .
while british prime minister gordon brown is in talks with the us president george bush at camp david ( maryland , east ) , newspaper reports have spoken of a withdrawal plan for the 5,500 british troops in iraq . however , brown 's spokesman has denied this news .
from baghdad , general petraeus , said : " i don 't believe there is a plan " .
" there is a plan for a gradual withdrawal . "
" in fact , they have in recent months transferred some facilities in basra ( south ) to the iraqi security forces , and they intend to do continue doing that in the months ahead . "
he confirmed that us forces would remain in iraq until the summer of 2009 , to be able to establish lasting security in the country .
without setting a date for the withdrawal of the 160,000 us troops in iraq , general petraeus said it would " take almost that long " , although it was more important to identify " the number of troops needed " .
in response to a question about the arms contracts worth $ 20 billion with the kingdom of saudi arabia and five other gulf countries , and the possible presence of saudi fighters in iraq , the american general said : " i 'm not actually sure that they 're coming from saudi . "
he added , " we know that they are saudi citizens and citizens from north africa and from the region who are coming through syria . "
cheney : increase of us troops in iraq is yielding results
washington 8 / 1 / 2007 ( afp ) - us vice-president dick cheney announced on tuesday that the strategy of sending troop reinforcements to iraq has improved security there .
in response to a question by the american channel cnn , cheney defended the iraqi deputies ' decision to take a month off , saying " it 's better than taking two months off , which was their original plan , " adding that the us was " eager " to see them complete their work . "
last month , an initial report submitted to the white house on the impact of the new strategy confirmed that the progress achieved by the iraqi parliament was not enough to implement necessary reforms , particularly the ratification of the law to share oil revenues , which increased the tension .
but the us vice-president said he believed the report expected in september on the impact of the new strategy would reveal " significant progress " in the achievement of the targets set by the united states .
with regard to the the report compiled by general david petraeus and us ambassador ryan crocker , cheney said he believes it will " show real progress " .
" the reports i 'm hearing from people whose views i respect indicate that , indeed , the petraeus plan is in fact producing results , " he said .
after reiterating that the decision to invade iraq in march 2003 was correct , cheney concluded by saying : " we ( president george bush and himself ) will walk out of here on january 20 2009 and i think we 'll be able to hold our heads high knowing we did the best we could for our country . "
seven security personnel killed in terrorist attack in algeria
the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb killed 7 security and police officers in a terrorist attack on two security vehicles in the algerian province of tizi ouzou during a wide-scale search for al-qaeda hideouts in several eastern algerian towns and provinces .
the al-qaeda organization released a videotape filmed last night showing the clashes with the algerian security forces in a tizi ouzu mountain , leading up to the terrorist explosion operation killing seven officers and the burning of security vehicles in a terrorist blast through a bomb planted on the roadside as the security motorcade was passing intermittently .
the tape showed several members of the terrorist groups affiliated to al-qaeda pursuing security officials as they escaped from the cars at the moment of the blast , as well as scenes from the clashes between both sides .
in the same tape , the leader of the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb , abu musab abdul wadud , threatened to carry out a series of terrorist attacks against algerian interests and institutions at several locations in algeria , saying that this would come as part of al-qaeda 's plan to expand its operations in the coming period .
the leader of the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb has further threatened to target american and european interests in north africa and to counter , through violence and terrorism , american efforts to establish the headquarters of the us military command known as africom in the north africa and west africa region .
abu musab abdul wadud called on algerian youth to refuse to join the security forces and the army in the coming period , so as not to come to any harm during al-qaeda 's operations against the security forces .
british foreign secretary : the united states is still britain 's number one ally
london - news agencies
in an article published in the tabloid " news of the world " yesterday , british foreign secretary david miliband , emphasized the strong relationship between his country and the united states , denying that there has been a slight change in relations between london and washington since prime minister gordon brown has come to office . miliband insisted that the us is still britain 's number one ally .
" with the new brown government , some people are looking for evidence that our alliance is breaking up " , miliband wrote .
" there isn 't any and there won 't be any , " he added . " nothing has changed " .
he said that , compared with other bilateral relationships , " our strongest bilateral relationship is with the usa . we are stronger together than apart . our shared values give us real strength . "
miliband further spoke of shared sacrifice in other struggles , such as climate change , poverty in african and terrorism . these are challenges that cannot be faced without the united states , he said .
last thursday in washington , the new secretary of trade and international development , douglas alexander , spoke of the benefits of a policy built on multilateralism , thus explaining the slight change in british foreign policy .
meanwhile , a survey published in the british daily telegraph newspaper showed that after only two weeks of gordon brown coming into office , the labour party has overtaken the opposition conservatives , with 40 % of the british supporting the labour party compared to 33 % supporting the conservatives .
every day : by morsi atallah
if the al-qaeda organization , which has claimed responsibility for most of the terrorist operations in the world , is fighting israel , according to its media discourse , why hasn 't al-qaeda carried out a single terrorist attack against israel ?
the question may seem strange , but it is in my opinion valid and logical . if al-qaeda justifies its terrorist activities against arab and islamic countries with the fact that they deal with israel and have engaged in peace processes with the hebrew state , why doesn 't al qaeda cut to the chase and attack israel , since that is its enemy ?
although some of the people who pose this question try to insinuate that this constitutes proof of israel 's involvement in these operations , nobody has been able to come up with any irrefutable evidence for that . as a result , these insinuations remain nothing but suspicions , not to be elevated to the status of direct accusations against israel , although some of these insinuations don 't exclude the possibility that al-qaeda works as an underground agent , with or without being aware of that !
in fact , whoever examines the articles and investigations published in israel 's major newspapers will clearly see that israeli sources close to power circles in israel categorically and confidently assert that " israel is not one of al-qaeda 's targets " . this raises a lot of questions about the reasons behind israelis ' confidence that al-qaeda will not target them !
although these israeli sources have tried to cover this up by saying that the al-qaeda organization 's target is the christian world , this cunning statement doesn 't only aim to divert suspicions from israel , but also to drive a wedge between islam and christianity by means of a false lie propagated by western media close to israel , which pictures al-qaeda as one of flagships of the arab-islamic world .
one unquestionable fact is that the violence carried out by israel and the gross injustice which falls upon palestinians by means of its aggressive policies constitute the ideal environment for al-qaeda to work freely and to be able to recruit new generations of extremists which have suffered injustice .
in return , by carrying out terrorist acts , the al-qaeda organization does israel a great service , since resistance becomes linked to terrorism on one hand , and all forms of aggression and excessive use of force become justified under the pretense of the right of self-defense on the other hand !
in all honesty , and without beating round the bush , those who are hindering the organization of an international counter-terrorism conference are not far from all the questions and suspicions circulating overtly or covertly , which are , until now , without irrefutable evidence . however , in the future , and in the context of new international conditions and balances which do not allow double standards , these suspicions may become lengthy petitions full of incriminating evidence , awaiting a righteous judge who will put an end to this hateful phenomenon called terrorism .
attalla @ ahram.org.
eg
attalla @ ahram.org.
eg
close up , by : salama ahmad salama
when the state lies
the commotion that has surrounded the sale of the banque du caire has not subsided yet , even after the governor of the central bank admitted that the bank has reached a perilous stage where action needs to be taken , and which has negatively affected its performance , in a way that the bank is no longer able to pay any more bills in order to solve its problems .
the state budget - which is already in severe deficit - was unable to provide 20 billion pounds to settle its debts and to make up for its budget deficit .
the government subsequently offered 80 % of the bank du caire for sale to a main investor , after it realized - belatedly - that the idea of merger and acquisition would not be a successful remedy .
this , quite simply , is the image that has reached the vast majority of the non-economist public like me , following a huge debate on this issue between those who understand and those who don 't , between those who defend the government in right and wrong and those who criticize it on the basis of sound political and economic arguments , such as the argument that the sale of egyptian banks to foreign investors constitutes a danger to the national economy and opens the doors to foreign control of the finance of development projects .
regardless of how sound the arguments on both sides are , the government usually does what it wants , and it will go ahead with the sale of the bank according to a plan for the so-called " bank sector reform " , in compliance with agreements with international organizations , ( the details of which are locked away in the drawers of the policies committee , to deny public access to them ) , which take precedence over its compliance with the rules of transparency it talks about !
but the real problem , in my opinion , is not the conditions that have made the sale of banque du caire necessary , but in the government 's inspectorial culture which relies on concealing facts and weaknesses and people burying their heads in the sand , until everything bursts out at once . it has transpired that the problems facing banque du caire are not at all new , but that they began six years ago , and that successive governments have not bothered to make them public or to deal with them . this raises questions about the political and legal responsibility of several former ministers and prime ministers , as during their time in office the bank 's vaults were opened up to a number of businessmen , who were then allowed to take out as many unsecured loans as they wanted , and to leave the country with them .
this , i believe , is one of the main reasons for the difficulties facing banque du caire .
the egyptian political system does not recognize the principle of the political accountability of officials .
they are not punished for crimes of negligence , favoritism and misuse of public funds .
things happening in the banking sector , driving one of egypt 's main banks to the verge of bankruptcy , can also be found , one way or another , in other sectors .
for example , the sudden decline in water , the collapse of the railway system and the marine transportation system and others .
all these are a result of the reluctance to deal with problems and the habit of concealing them .
the responsibility for these miserable conditions of the state apparatus doesn 't lie with civil servants who lie with the knowledge of their bosses .
the whole state lies and falsifies figures and data , and this happens due to the absence of accountability and transparency at all levels , despite the numerous control and auditing organizations .
salama @ ahram.org.
eg
salama @ ahram.org.
eg
diplomatic resources : egypt in intensive talks with international quartet to revive peace process
by mahmoud al-noubi :
egypt is currently intensifying its necessary contacts with the international quartet and all international parties in order to deal with the current palestinian situation in the light of successive developments and events , including visits by the egyptian and jordanian foreign ministers to israel last wednesday in connection with the arab peace initiative , as well as the ministerial meeting held by the arab league , and the visit by the us secretary of state to egypt at the end of this month .
a diplomatic source stated that egypt is continuing to give absolute priority to the palestinian humanitarian crisis , which it considered an emergency that can 't be put off , and that it was working towards improving the quality of life of palestinians and improving economic conditions .
javier solana , eu high representative for the common foreign and security policy , met with abul-gheit to discuss the main outcomes of his and his jordanian counterpart 's visit to israel in an effort to garner support for the arab peace initiative . the diplomatic source said that the foreign minister was currently preparing a report with the jordanian foreign minister to submit to the arab league at the ministerial meeting on monday , to include the main conclusions drawn from the visit , in accordance with the outcome of the meeting of the arab initiative 's ministerial committee on april 18 .
abul-gheit told al ahram that the international parties , and the international quartet in particular , would be briefed about the main results of the visit and the reaction of the israeli side to the initiative .
abul gheit pointed out that there were ongoing talks with the international quartet on the suggestions made by us president george bush in his last speech on the conditions of the palestinians , and in particular the suggestion to hold an international meeting between all parties concerned . he asserted that the egyptian position was that it was not enough to carry out work to improve the quality of life of palestinians and to support their institutions , but that these had to be accompanied by serious political negotiations .
the foreign minister said that egypt assured all parties that the conditions were right to restart negotiations , and urged them to contribute by giving the much-needed push for a positive move , while israel should continue taking positive long-term steps which palestinian citizens can feel .
washington continues to tighten sanctions against iran
washington - berlin - news agencies
the united states yesterday continued to tighten its financial sanctions against iran , by increasing pressure on a number of iranian firms suspected of supporting the iranian nuclear program .
the us treasury ordered the freezing of the assets of 15 firms , all of which have been blacklisted . it is claimed that the sanctions will push iran to abandon its nuclear programs .
meanwhile , iranian foreign minister manuchehr mottaki has ruled out the possibility of an american military attack on his country , due to the amount of problems facing the us in iraq , which should discourage its military involvement in iran .
in an interview with the german magazine " focus " , mottaki said that washington was currently not in a position to become involved in any further military conflicts , as around 170,000 us troops are unable to protect their own safety , let alone guarantee security in iraq .
the sanctions imposed by the un against his country , even if tightened , would not change iran 's nuclear position , the iranian minister said .
sameh fahmi : urgent plan to convert al-hamra port into a major oil-exporting hub
adel ibrahim wrote :
minister of petroleum engineer sameh fahmi visited some new oil fields in the western desert as well as the new production facilities in the area and the al-hamra specialized oil port , which is considered one of the most important and strategic sites for crude oil shipment and export . it is a primary gathering point for the crude oil produced in the western desert , where around 185,000 barrels are produced daily , expected to rise to 225,000 barrels in the coming period .
the minister said that the al hamra port had all the important factors to be a major export hub through a well-developed system . he ordered the preparation of a study aimed at the development of the al hamra oil port 's facilities and the pipelines linked to it in order to increase its current export capacity from 600 thousand barrels to one million barrels monthly , as well as its storage capacity from 800 thousand barrels to one million barrels .
during the visit , engineer shamel hamdy , head of the western desert development committee , reviewed a report about production development in the western desert region and the status of production after putting several newly discovered fields on stream successively . this will lead to an increase in production in the western desert region to about 40 thousand barrels daily , which means that the total production in the region will reach about 270 thousand barrels per day by next april .
the visit also covered the pipelines for incoming crude oil in the port , which includes three main pipelines , as well as the crude oil transfer and shipment facilities via land pipelines , and the storage depots and shipping terminal pumps .
the minister also visited the integrated support office for combating maritime oil pollution , which is fitted with state-of-the-art equipment for combating maritime pollution . he also visited the port 's chemical lab which specializes in crude oil quality control and is fitted with state-of-the-art technological equipment as well .
the minister of petroleum had an open meeting with workers from the various oil companies working in al-hamra port , namely badruddin , gabco , webco , ageeba , al-hamra , anabib al-petrol , khalida , ganub al-dabaa and al-alamain . he listened to their ideas and suggestions for developing performance in order to implement the planned schedules for the increase in production .
he asked the workers to give their best efforts and demanded that the best types of care are given to those working in the fields , in proportion to the efforts they make .
despite the crushing defeat of the ruling party , the japanese prime minister refuses to resign and decides to reshuffle the cabinet
tokyo - news agencies :
japanese prime minister shinzo abe reiterated his intention to remain in office , after the crushing defeat suffered by the ruling liberal democratic party headed by him in upper house polls two days ago . he said he would take the results very seriously and vowed to continue pushing for reforms to build the nation and encourage economic development .
it should be noted that defeat in the upper house will not oust abe 's coalition from power , as he still maintains a large majority in the stronger lower house which chooses the prime minister . in a bid to regain voters ' confidence , abe said a cabinet reshuffle would take place .
he added that people were demanding a comprehensive change as well as a change in the party 's ledership . abe faces pressure to resign from inside his liberal democratic party which has ruled japan for most of the past 50 years .
the japanese yomiuri newspaper quoted the former defense minister shigeru ishiba as saying that prime minister abe should quit , otherwise , the party will be finished soon .
but analysts said that the current absence of a suitable successor in the party would help abe remain in power for some time .
the japanese newspaper mainichi shimbun wrote that abe should quickly dissolve the lower house and listen to the people . but abe has ruled out the possibility of dissolving the lower house or of carrying out early legislative elections .
despite mr abe 's refusal to step down , the deputy leader of his party has decided to resign over the party 's heavy defeat .
the liberal democratic party and its coalition partner , the new komeito party , won 46 seats in the lower house elections , while the democratic party , the main opposition party , won 60 seats .
the ruling coalition needed 64 seats to retain its majority in the upper house , as half of the 242 seats in the upper house were up for election .
abe 's party won 37 seats , which constitutes a defeat worse than that suffered in 1998 , which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign from office as the head of government .
angry voters denied abe 's government a majority after a series of scandals and the government 's inability to deal with the problem of pension records .
abe is the youngest japanese prime minister since the end of the second world war , and held the position of secretary general of the japanese cabinet in the previous government .
al-buhaira : five drunks failed to force their way into a nightclub , so they bashed the security guard , smashed two cars and attempted to " hijack " a bus .
late in the night they decided to continue their escapade at a nightclub in al-buhaira district in the northern precincts of the capital , so they headed towards a club .
upon attempting to enter , they were prevented by the guard in fear that they would cause disorder and disturbance inside , especially as they were in a state of extreme intoxication .
they then decided to exact revenge in their own way ... as they disappeared for a short while then came back flailing sticks ; that was when the guard tried to hold them back , but they ignored his warnings and started battering him , causing him physical harm .
they then intentionally attacked two cars that were parked in front of the club , seriously damaging them , and then tried to hijack a bus that was parked there and change its direction , but they failed to do so upon the swift and sudden interference of a justice police force team in the national security area in al-buhaira , which managed to contain the situation and apprehend three of the deviants , while efforts continued to capture the others who fled the scene .
chavez provokes washington from tehran , and olmert charges lieberman with the task of thwarting its nuclear program .
iran is considering el baradei 's suggestion of halting expanded enrichment .
yesterday , iran was the setting of diplomatic activity on two fronts , the first of which was the visit of venezuelan president hugo chavez to iran to discuss developments in bilateral , regional and international relations ; while the second was the islamic republic 's announcement that it was considering the " time out " suggestion which entails halting the expansion of its uranium enrichment program ; while it awaits the arrival of international inspectors between the 11th and 13th of this month .
chavez initiated talks with his iranian counterpart mahmoud ahmadinejad , during his third visit to iran in two years and the last stop of a tour that took him to russia and belarus .
the venezuelan president 's visit comes in response to his us rival george bush 's european tour , as he seeks to aggravate the white house by visiting countries on tense terms with washington .
during the visit , chavez , who supports tehran 's nuclear program , scoffed at rumors of a venezuelan " atomic bomb " .
he said , " it seems that i will be signing an agreement to produce an atomic bomb . " he added , " we are in no need of an atomic bomb because we already have one ; our atomic bomb is called the venezuelan people . "
chavez arrived saturday evening in tehran at the head of a delegation including the ministers of foreign affairs , energy , economics , industry and communications , and he is expected to visit , along with ahmadinejad , today al-salwia area for energy production in the gulf to inaugurate a petrochemical plant .
several contracts will be signed during the visit , one of which involves the construction of seven thousand houses and a petrochemical unit in venezuela .
iranian foreign ministry spokesman mohammad ali husseini announced that latin america , which nejad visited last january , " is a region which has good prospects for strengthening our relations " .
nicaraguan president daniel ortega visited tehran on june 10 .
venezuelan ambassador to iran arturo anibal gayugos ramirez stated that the visit " aims to develop bilateral cooperation in economy , industry and politics . "
nuclearly , husseini reported that his country is considering the " timeout " suggestion , which entails halting the expansion of its uranium enrichment program in return for suspending efforts to impose more sanctions on the country by the united nations . but he stressed that " halting enrichment is not an option ; " whereas a diplomat in vienna has said that global powers are discussing means to introduce the idea to iran in order to end the nuclear crisis .
director general of the international atomic energy agency mohammed el baradei had put forward the idea .
husseini also said , " there is nothing new in this proposal ; it has been discussed before ,
but iran is still examining it , " adding that " tehran is willing to study any plans and suggestions that would guarantee its rights in the negotiation process . "
he added that iran 's chief negotiator ali larijani and the european high representative of the common foreign and security policy javier solana discussed the proposal during talks concerning the nuclear dispute .
however , alaeddin boroujerdi , chairman of the parliamentary committee on foreign affairs and national security , stated that the idea of a " timeout " is also not an appropriate solution .
this coincided with us president george bush 's efforts to obtain the support of his russian counterpart vladimir putin to impose broader sanctions on iran , during their talks in the us state of maine .
in a separate development , haaretz newspaper reported that israeli prime minister ehud olmert finally appointed minister of strategic affairs avigdor lieberman to be in charge of thwarting the iranian nuclear program , following consultations that included mossad director meir dagan , director general of the israel atomic energy commission gideon frank , head of the national security council ilan mizrahi , and head of shabak yuval diskin , as well as senior officials from the foreign and defense ministries and the israeli army , particularly from the military intelligence division .
reinforced protection of government facilities , as well as hotels and embassies ...
and 75 thousand dollars to anyone who provides information about the terrorists ...
yemen : the suicide bomber of the queen of sheba temple ... was an arab .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh said yesterday that the initial investigation into the suicide attack that targeted a convoy of spanish tourists in the governorate of marib on monday , killing seven tourists and two yemeni drivers and injuring others , indicated that the perpetrator of the attack was not yemeni but was an arab national .
he promised to reveal the details very soon , after examining the suicide attacker 's dna .
initial accusations against the al-qaeda organization in yemen of being responsible for the attack , indicated the possibility that the perpetrator of the attack on the queen of sheba temple may have been yemeni , and may have been one of the 23 who escaped the prison of the political security organization ( intelligence service ) last year after al-qaeda announced the appointment of one of them , nasser al-wehaishi ( abu baseer ) , as their new leader , and circulated a recording with the voice of kassem al-raimi ( abu huraira ) , who is on the list of wanted fugitives , in which he threatened to carry out attacks he described as " jihadism against crusaders and their associates in yemen " .
" abu huraira " denied any negotiations with the yemeni government , and stated that he was commissioned by " abu baseer " to make the recorded announcement .
the yemeni president described the attack on tourists in marib as " criminal and terrorist , cowardly and dirty " , threatening all al-qaeda operatives with the most severe punishment .
he said , " we will track them down wherever they may be and wherever they may go or hide , and we will punish them sternly for the crimes they have committed against innocent tourists and their yemeni escorts , and against the nation and its interests , security , and stability . "
ali saleh announced a 15 million-riyal-reward ( 75 thousand us dollars ) to anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest of the terrorist elements .
upon the arrival of a spanish plane , carrying the spanish tourism minister and the families of the victims to sanaa to transport the bodies of the spanish victims back to their country , the investigation authorities began examining the suicide attacker 's dna in order to determine his identity .
the attack was carried out by a suicide attacker in a 1992 model " toyota jeep " .
yemeni authorities have taken further strict security measures at embassies , hotels , and foreign facilities throughout the country .
certain yemeni government circles have considered the suicide attack to be a painful blow to the tourism industry , after information about european and foreign tourism agencies canceling thousands of reservations made by tourists including tourist visits this summer .
they said that the yemeni economy " will be negatively impacted and will lose substantial tourism revenues . "
in addition , the yemeni house of representatives launched a fierce criticism of the government and accused security bodies of negligence and of disregarding recent threats by al-qaeda members to carry out imminent and severe " terrorist " attacks .
the house of representatives , which issued a statement condemning the attack and rejecting any link between the " terrorist " elements and the islamic religion , summoned deputy prime minister and interior minister dr rashad al-alimi to stand before the deputies next sunday and answer their questions concerning negligence .
thousands of palestinians remain stuck at the border with egypt ...
the ousted palestinian government and several factions refuse to open the karam abu salem crossing in place of the rafah crossing .
palestinian voices rose in protest to let in a few thousand palestinians stuck in egypt into the gaza strip through the karam abu salem crossing or what israel calls " kerem shalom " , located at the intersection point of the palestinian egyptian-israeli border to the southeast of the city of rafah in the far south of the strip .
the national unity government and a number of resistance factions expressed their absolute refusal to replace the rafah border crossing as a passage for palestinians throughout the world with the " kerem shalom " crossing .
the factions translated their refusal into action through the firing of mortar shells and missiles over the crossing , which was originally allocated to bring in goods and not for the transportation of people .
all this transpired after talk of an egyptian-israeli agreement to open the crossing of " kerem shalom " on wednesday for one day with the purpose of bringing in some 4 thousand palestinians stuck in egyptian cities such as rafah , arish , and cairo .
those palestinians , 600 of which have fallen sick , have lost all hope because of the refusal of the israeli occupation forces to open the rafah crossing for almost a month to allow the palestinians to return to or depart from the strip freely .
israel had allowed the opening of the crossing for two successive days , the sixth and 7th of last month . since then it has refused to reopen it , especially after hamas tightened its grip over the gaza strip through the use of force , on the 14th of last month .
israel permanently closed the rafah border crossing for the first time in the wake of the abduction of israeli soldier gilad shalit in a commando operation conducted by militants belonging to the " hamas " movement , the popular resistance committees , and the " army of islam " at an israeli military site near " kerem shalom " on june 25 2006 .
since then , israel has permitted the opening of the rafah crossing on an average of four to six days a month , spread over its four weeks . in other instances , the closure has continued uninterrupted for a month or more .
the government , in a statement issued yesterday , demanded the reopening of the rafah crossing to the movement of travelers " so as not to turn the gaza strip into a huge prison " .
the government also expressed its firm rejection of " all israeli attempts to move the rafah border crossing ( ... ) to the karam abu salem area , keeping the egyptian-palestinian border free of any foreign intervention or custodianship " .
the " hamas " movement , the " popular front for the liberation of palestine " , the " islamic jihad " movement , the popular resistance committees , and the martyr ahmed abu al-rish brigades have joined the government in its refusal to let stranded palestinians enter via the kerem shalom crossing , and demanded that the rafah border crossing be allowed to function again .
many activists , tens of whom are injured , fear returning through the " kerem shalom " crossing , which is entirely controlled by israel , in fear of being arrested by occupation soldiers , who are in control of all the operational details at the crossing .
israel constructed the " kerem shalom " crossing under a gaza strip border-crossing protocol known as the " rice agreement " , an agreement which was reached on november 15 2005 , following israeli withdrawal from the strip on september 12 of the same year .
the protocol states that the rafah crossing is to be designated for the movement of palestinians , diplomats , and others , as well as for exporting goods from the strip , under palestinian-egyptian command and the supervision of the european monitoring mission .
it also states that goods should enter through the " kerem shalom " crossing for the some 1.5 million palestinians living on a coastal strip with an area of less than 365 square kilometers .
the islamic group defies orders and meets under the leadership of its leader in jamjamal mosque ... barzani confirms that there are violations in kurdish prisons .
nechirvan barzani , the head of the government of the kurdistan region , has admitted that there have been cases where the rights of detainees in kurdish prisons have been violated . meanwhile , the islamic group in kurdistan has defied orders from the region 's government not to hold meetings in jamjamal mosque .
he stated at a press conference , " i cannot say whether what is contained in the human rights watch report is correct or incorrect . in fact , there are violations , and we in the government of the kurdistan region have implemented considerable reforms in prisons , and we have cooperated and opened the gates of prisons for the organization , while many other governments have denied it entry into their prisons . this is the best proof that we are determined to implement radical reforms in these prisons . "
he added , " we have demanded that the competent authorities and prison officials conduct an investigation into the contents of the report , and i was personally among those who called for the publication and announcement of the report with total transparency . "
mohammed aziz , the minister of human rights in the kurdish government , considered the report issued by the us organization " human rights watch " on prison conditions in the region to be " exaggerated " . he explained that it covered the time period between last april and october 2006 , during which the process of unifying the region 's two administrations was not yet complete .
he pointed out that " the ministry agrees with some of what was mentioned in the report " , asserting that it " disregarded the recent positive achievements in the region to improve the conditions of prisons , as well as the release of 400 people following the implementation of the general amnesty law " .
the kurdish government denies any violations of the rights of detainees and prisoners in kurdistan , while arab parties demand that the fate of 250 prisoners who were surreptitiously transported from kirkuk to kurdish prisons in ukra , arbil , and sulaimaniya be revealed .
on the other hand , the ministry of religious endowments and kurdish affairs issued an order prohibiting any political activity or partisan gathering inside the mosques of the region , and stressed the necessity of keeping mosques " places of worship , not of political activity " . it also warned that it would take strict measures against any side that seeks to use mosques and other places of worship for partisan purposes .
a statement issued by the ministry stated that " the islamic group requested a permit to hold a meeting inside the big mosque of jamjamal , but the ministry refused . in spite of that , the group defied the ministry and held a meeting under the leadership of its leader . thus , the ministry of religious endowments and affairs warns political entities against using mosques , which are places of worship , and exploiting them for political or partisan purposes . the ministry will also take all the legal measures against anyone who breaks its rules " .
constitutional amendments and calls for permanent seat on security council ... love-hate relations with neighbors ... japan : a cautious rush and timid ambition to play a role abroad after overcoming historical feelings of animosity .
one wonders , especially on one 's first visit , how to get to know the country that has forced its way into our imagination , although it is thousands of miles away , owing to its economic progress , especially its technological prowess , not to mention its recovery from a disaster which was the worst endured by a people in history .
what is the secret of this success ?
how did japan manage to overcome the catastrophic destruction inflicted on it after the second world war , and remedy the effects of the united states dropping nuclear bombs on the cities of hiroshima and nagasaki , and rebuild what the war had destroyed ?
how did the country rise above the feelings of hatred towards its previous arch-enemy , the united states , to become its best ally ?
in recent years , japan has witnessed and is still undergoing major changes , the most notable of which is a clear tendency to step outside its " isolation " and become more involved in international activities , which was manifested in amendments to the " peaceful " constitution allowing japanese forces to be deployed abroad , and the announcement of other amendments , and the call for a permanent seat on the security council .
what , then , is the secret behind this cautious rush and timid ambition ?
how does japan view the middle east and neighboring countries ?
japan 's relations with its neighbors , particularly north korea and china , are love-hate relations .
japan , a group of islands that extend from the pacific ocean to the sea of japan , believes that it is a victim of geography ( and history ) .
with north korea with its ballistic missiles and nuclear program on one side , and china with a doubled military budget on the other .
the japanese people are calm by nature ; you barely hear their voices ; you find them absorbed in their work without becoming weary .
the concern exhibited by some politicians towards the policies of neighbors , north korea and china , is not reflected in the average citizen , who , as is the case with most people in the developed world , prioritizes domestic issues .
corruption , surging prices , unemployment , and medical insurance concern the japanese citizen more than anything else .
despite the fact that japan will be holding parliamentary elections by the end of this month , citizens seem to be more concerned with domestic issues , most notably the scandal of the loss of pension files .
" al-hayat " paid a visit to japan , and tried to find an answer to some of these questions .
qabbani hopes that meeting will reactivate constitutional institutions .
the representatives of lebanese political powers arrive in france today for the lebanese-lebanese dialog , which is scheduled to commence today in saint-cloud , a suburb of the french capital paris .
among those who left beirut yesterday were dr mahmoud berri , and ali hamdan , head of the foreign affairs bureau of the amal party , who met prior to their departure with nabih berri , speaker of the house of representatives , who provided them with necessary instructions for the conference .
a number of participants left beirut on friday , and the rest of the participants in the conference , which ends next monday , are expected to leave today .
the republic 's grand mufti mohammed rashid qabbani urged the representatives of the participating lebanese sides , in a statement yesterday , to agree to " restore political activity in constitutional institutions because such a restoration would complement the arab efforts being carried out by the secretary-general of the arab league amr moussa to bring together the lebanese sides , as well as the role played by the kingdom of saudi arabia , overseen by the custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abdul aziz , to save lebanon " .
former prime minister rashid al-sulh expressed in a statement his hopes that " the lebanese would find solutions during the saint-cloud meeting , and show a sense of compassion for the people and the country , as was previously achieved in taif " .
he said , " some have tried wars and conflict in lebanon , and have not reached any results . events have proved that there can be no solution unless there is direct contact or dialog between the lebanese , out of compassion for their country and their own fate " .
in a statement after their meeting under the leadership of deputy elie skaf , the popular bloc of zahla representatives considered " that the unity of the conference manifests the prevalence of the logic of meeting and dialog over the policy of individualism and exclusive power " .
and they called upon the ruling party to " make the most of the opportunity in this dialog forum to make an effective contribution , away from media provocation , stalling , and procrastination , to create an environment conducive to a compatible and gradual resolution based on maintaining civil peace " .
mp antoine zahra ( of the lebanese forces ) believes that " the saint-cloud conference is supposed to lead to a certain truce , and to confirm the possibility of restoring dialog at the leadership level in lebanon in order to provide solutions " .
in a statement yesterday following its weekly meeting , the high council of the free patriots party expressed hope that the saint-cloud meeting would create a " hole in the barricade between lebanese powers , although we are not really counting on any paradigm shift in the dialog , in light of recent signals by the opposition " .
the first british muslim minister : the israeli wall on bank territory is illegal and unacceptable .
first muslim secretary of state in the british government shahid malik , appointed by the new prime minister gordon brown last week , took part in a three-hour discussion in the house of commons the day before yesterday on aid provided to the palestinian authority .
malik , secretary of state for the department for international development , said that he accepts that the " hamas " movement is essential in the context of a long-term resolution and peace in the middle east . but he said that it must comply with the terms of the international quartet committee , which require that hamas denounce violence , accept israel 's right to existence , and accept the agreements signed with it .
while the british minister welcomed israel 's release of 120 million dollars of palestinian revenues , he stressed the need for israel to return the rest of the 800 million dollars in withheld revenues .
during the discussion , malik agreed with liverpool mp louise ellman that israel has the right to build a separation wall , but he said that building it on occupied palestinian territories is illegal and unacceptable .
regarding israeli settlements , he said that his government 's stance is clear , that is , any solution should be based on the pre-june 1967 war borders , on secure borders for israel , and on a recognized viable palestinian state that includes east jerusalem .
the " islamic party " demands guarantees to take part in the " moderates ' front "
the " islamic party " has demanded constitutional guarantees before participating in the " moderate powers ' front " whereas president of the republic ayad allawi , leader of the " iraqi list " , called for " participation in reinforcing the political process and establishing a national front that represents the fundamental powers that believe in democracy and federalism " .
islamic party mp azhar al-samaraie has said that her party " demanded constitutional guarantees prior to taking part in the new coalition-first and foremost the granting of a general amnesty to prisoners , and the forming of committees to maintain equilibrium in the cabinet and within each ministry , supported by a constitutional provision ensuring its achievement " .
mp hassan al-sanid , of the " unified iraqi coalition " , previously confirmed the opening of official communication channels with the islamic party , and invited it to join the moderate political powers venture .
he also said to " al-hayat " that " the islamic party tentatively approved a working paper containing the fundamental principles that the new coalition is based on " , pointing out that " the party is currently exploring guarantees for the implementation of the working paper " , and he stressed that " the new coalition is considered a framework for cooperation between the four main blocs ( the supreme islamic council , the dawa party , and the two kurdish parties ) , serving as a driving force for the overall political process " .
in connection to this , iraqi president jalal talabani described the " iraqi list " , led by ayad allawi , as " nationalist and democratic , bringing together all the different sections of the people " . and while receiving a number of the list 's mps , he expressed hope that allawi would contribute to " promoting the political process and establishing a national front that represents the fundamental powers that believe in democracy and federalism " .
furthermore , the government renewed its desire to establish strategic relations with the us regardless of the date set for the withdrawal of its troops . government spokesman ali al-dabbagh criticized statements made by former senator lee hamilton in which he doubted al-maliki 's ability to establish security , and said that " these statements reveal a complete unawareness of the iraqi situation , which is surrounded by a considerable number of dangers . "
in addition , " coalition " member mp abdul karim al-anzi said to " al-hayat " that " the forthcoming us-iranian meeting in baghdad will discuss the selection of representatives of the three countries in a joint security committee , the required procedures for the activation of such a committee , and the means of cooperation among its members " .
the investigating magistrate in the case brushed aside for two weeks .
the lebanese judicial authority has suspended the duties of judge elias eid , the investigating magistrate in the assassination of president rafik hariri and his associates , for a period of two weeks , pending a final ruling from the court of appeal in beirut .
the latter , headed by judge sami mansour , is expected to look into a request that investigator eid be dismissed from the investigation into the crime , which was filed by lawyer mohammed farid mattar , the lawyer of four plaintiffs in the case .
judicial sources have disclosed that mattar also filed a petition before the civil court of cassation requesting the reassignment of president hariri 's case to another judge rather than judge eid .
based on that , two days ago , the president of the penal court of cassation , judge ralph riashi , in his capacity as the judge present , ruled that judge eid be brushed aside from hariri 's case for two weeks , pending a final ruling in this regard .
in his preparatory ruling , riashi asked the petitioner to clarify certain points relevant to the case .
he informed judge eid of this implications of the ruling , who had previously expressed his opinion regarding the petition and requested that judge riashi be removed .
mattar , the petitioner , has also been informed of judge riashi 's ruling . the petition included information touching upon the pressure exerted on judge eid to release certain officers who were suspended from duty during the case .
it has been disclosed that the contents of the petition differ from the contents of the formal request for the dismissal of judge eid , which is being looked into by the court of appeal in beirut , headed by judge sami mansour .
a turkish player 's woes
the task of the turkish legislative elections ' winner today will not be an easy one at all .
major challenges await him both at home and abroad .
as the middle east is destined for more turmoil .
a country promised more fears .
the winner need but look at the map to recall due entitlements .
all forecasts predict that the justice and development party , led by recep tayyip erdoğan , which is being demanded to tackle the escalating chaos in the region , will emerge as a winner .
there is a dangerous major entitlement called the iraqi bomb .
turkey has adapted skillfully to the us invasion of iraq . however , adapting to what comes after the invasion seems riskier .
president bush 's ability to extract success from the remnants of his adventures is diminishing .
his ability to resist calls to schedule a withdrawal is wearing away .
a withdrawal would mean leaving the region 's nations to face the iraqi ball of fire and its ramifications .
if iran is the major winner from the us invasion of iraq , turkey has come out a loser .
there seems to be a conspicuous imbalance in the turkish-iraqi-iranian triangle .
turkey 's problem in iraq cannot be summed up by kurdistan workers party militants taking sanctuary in mountain areas and launching attacks from there .
a bigger problem is the establishment of a semi-state in iraqi kurdistan , whose relative stability would result in reviving the dreams of the kurds dispersed across neighboring countries , especially turkey .
indeed , the invasion of iraqi kurdistan is no longer a simple task .
and assigning such a task to the army requires a price in the internal push and pull between erdoğan 's party , which has islamist roots , and the secular legacy spearheaded by the military .
such an invasion also has a price in terms of relations with america and the european union , into which turkey is trying to worm its way .
there seems to be another challenge .
what can turkey do about the full blown attack by iran to seize leadership of the region and worm its way into the nuclear states ' club ?
is the atlantic shelter a sufficient deterrent , or does turkey also need the nuclear pillow to sleep peacefully ?
last october , i asked the turkish prime minister in istanbul about his country 's response in the case of iran carrying out a nuclear experiment .
he answered with a smile , " this is a military question . "
i repeated the question and he repeated the same answer .
in istanbul , i heard that the army has been discussing the issue and insists that it be kept out of the reach of politicians and the media .
one could also point to many other issues .
the arab-israeli conflict , the increasing presence of " al-qaeda " in the region , the rise of sectarian tensions , and the prevalence of instability in more than one place .
here one must note that erdoğan 's government has come a long way in preparing turkey for a middle east role , which it has labeled as the pursuit of stability .
it has improved its relations with syria and iran , while maintaining strong relations with arab moderates .
it has maintained relations with israel and improved relations with the palestinians .
turkey 's participation in the " unifil " force in south lebanon was striking , as was turkey 's attempt to establish negotiations between israel and syria , following an attempt to narrow differences between beirut and damascus .
the winner also has to deal with the european dream .
the launch of negotiations with the european union does not necessarily guarantee membership .
the measures taken by erdoğan 's government are still insufficient by the union 's standards .
it is not merely a matter of meeting qualifying conditions .
europe is afraid of immigration , unemployment , and the non-integration of newcomers , and is scared of losing its identity .
in europe , certain voices argue that turkey is not european , neither culturally nor geographically , and that allowing it to join would mark a change in the union 's identity .
turkey will most probably remain under observation for many years , despite the european awareness of the importance of its stability for many reasons , including it being a safe passage for energy from the east to the west .
domestically , erdoğan can speak of the years of stability that turkey has enjoyed during his party 's era .
he can rely on figures .
the growth rate was about 7 % last year .
foreign investments reached 20 billion dollars .
inflation fell from 29 % in 2002 to 9 % in 2006 .
but the battle does not revolve around figures only . the past months have witnessed protests by millions of pro-secularists , revealing that a considerable portion of turks fear that the justice and development party 's commitment to the principles of secularism may be merely a " temporary platform " hiding a secret agenda .
in spite of all the reassurances given by erdoğan , a considerable portion of the population do not accept the possibility of seeing abdullah gül , whose wife wears the hijab , in the place of mustafa kemal atatürk , .
it could be said that this push and pull over the regime 's identity and the firm commitment to the principles of secularism are core to today 's election test , especially after recent warnings by the army , which senses difficulty in repeating its past experiences of " salvaging the country " from the rule of civilians .
also , the role of the kurdish factor in the elections and in raising concerns should not be forgotten .
as the winds of iraqization blow over the region , even reaching pakistan , turks head to the polls today to place the burden of tackling the challenges both at home and abroad on the winner .
these are elections that concern the turks , and also concern those who were unlucky enough to be born in this turbulent region of the world .
nine civilians killed in a missile attack in pakistan ... " taliban " execute a south korean ... and threaten to kill more
the " taliban " movement carried out their threat to execute one of the 23 south koreans they abducted in the province of ghazni last week , accusing kabul of adopting a " dishonest " approach to negotiations , and announced that " the final deadline before the execution of more hostages was 8.30 last night . "
the movement 's spokesman , qari mohammad yousuf , demanded the koreans pressurize kabul to avoid the risk of killing the rest of the hostages .
however , the south korean " yonhap " news agency , quoted a government official in seoul , whose identity was not revealed , as saying that " taliban " has released eight hostages , given that the movement had previously announced that eight korean hostages had fallen ill .
" yonhap " indicated that there were reports of south korea paying a financial ransom for the release of its citizens .
the " taliban " released christoph reuter , a reporter for the german magazine " stern " , along with his afghan interpreter , hours after their abduction in the province of konar ( east ) parallel to the pakistani border .
the governor of konar province shalizay didar explained that tribal leaders have intervened to release reuter , who had gone to konar to carry out an investigation into the killing of 23 people in an air raid carried out by the atlantic organization nato two weeks earlier .
in the meantime , a french soldier was killed in a missile attack on an afghan army barracks in ( southwest ) wardak province , where he was in charge of training a military unit .
in pakistan , the police announced that at least 9 civilians were killed and 41 injured in an attack carried out by islamists firing five missiles on the town of bannu in the ( northwest ) north waziristan region , parallel to the afghan border .
police chief dar ali khattak explained that the missiles , which were fired at half past midnight , destroyed four houses and injured seven policemen . he thinks they were likely fired to retaliate for the army 's attack on the hideout of " pakistani taliban " leader abdullah mahsud , forcing him to blow himself up .
local official mahboob khan stated that " the rebels struck locations indiscriminately to cause maximum damage , and to put the government in a difficult position . "
suicide attacks and attacks targeting the army and the police have doubled in tribal areas over the past two weeks , following the pakistani army 's raid on the red mosque in islamabad , where some hundred islamists were killed .
solana : the ball is in syria 's court
the european union 's high representative for foreign policy javier solana has asserted that europe 's stance on syria is " very clear " , and that the international community has " set out clear requirements , which i expect to be respected by everyone including syria . the ball is currently still in syria 's court . "
solana said in an interview to be published tomorrow , tuesday , by the progressive socialist party 's " al-anbaa " newspaper that he is pleased with the establishment of an international tribunal into the case of rafik hariri 's assassination , " though i wished it had been established based on a consensus in lebanon . "
solana applauded the international investigation commission and its president serge brammertz " for the high professionalism and confidentiality with which it performs its work " .
he confirmed the eu 's commitment to protecting lebanon 's sovereignty and independence and the unity of its lands , and said he maintains that lebanon must be " free of all foreign intervention and united in its pursuit of democracy " , adding that " ideally , the lebanese problem should be settled by a lebanese solution , but until that happens , all of us who wish the best for lebanon will continue to urge all external players to stop trying to impose their agendas , and to do all that can be done to promote dialog " .
as for the presidential elections , solana said , " i think that as long as the constitutional process is respected , the new president will be able to unite rule for all lebanese people " .
he believes that the lebanese army was greatly effectiveness in its efforts at the nahr al-bared camp , and said , " i was amazed at the army 's enormous display of composure in the face of provocation , " asserting that " a positive side to these incidents is that it ( the army ) has been a rare example of unity among the lebanese " .
a humanitarian guardianship issue requires application of lebanese law to a foreign family ; readership 1.72 % .
a social humanitarian case of a non-lebanese family who have lived in lebanon , and suddenly lost their provider and needed a legal solution regarding the land on which they live .
she bore two daughters to a syrian husband , who died some time after their birth . .
after his death , she obtained a custody order from the armenian orthodox archbishopric in lebanon for her two minor , non-lebanese daughters .
she asked the court of first instance in mount lebanon , headed by judge john al-kuzai , assisted by judges alaa al-khatib and naji al-dahdah , to appoint her as a guardian for her non-lebanese daughters ' finances .
upon receiving the request , the court looked into the extent to which the matter fell under the jurisdiction of the lebanese courts , and the applicability of lebanese law to the matter , considering that all the family members were non-lebanese . the court examined the international jurisdiction of local courts according to the text of the civil procedure code , which determines the international jurisdiction of lebanese courts , which applies to the petition filed before the local court , on the grounds that the mother lives with her daughters in lebanon and that her request concerns the minors ' finances in lebanon .
based on these legal facts , which grant jurisdiction to the court , the court proceeded from looking into the request to adjudicating it and determining the law to be applied .
within this context , the court stated in its ruling that " the legislature has settled the problem of conflicting laws through what are known as dispute rules , which are a set of national laws formulated by the legislature or the judge , but which do not provide a direct solution to the issue in question . rather their role is limited to identifying the law that should be applied as the most appropriate and most relevant to the issue . "
the court arrived at the conclusion that " lebanese law , like many foreign legislations and international treaties , recognized the person 's nationality as a basis for arbitration of personal status matters . in this regard , the law of the appellant 's nationality should be applied " .
the court considered this method to be a conventional method of addressing problems that arise from special international relations . however , the development of this type of international relations has led to the existence of other methods of settlement alongside conventional methods , including the method of immediately applicable laws , which rules out the application of conventional methods .
the court explained that " immediately applicable regulations apply unvaryingly to domestic legal relations and international legal relations , regardless of any exogenous factors ; because the issues these regulations address touch upon the social , moral and political fundamentals in the country of the judge looking into the dispute , where it becomes impossible for him not to apply these procedures that provide a direct solution to the issue at hand and do not define the applicable foreign law , which consequently entails the application of immediate , domestic legal regulations .
the court addressed " the lebanese sectarian system , which has led to multiple lebanese laws in the area of personal status , where each denomination is subject to its own laws , as is the case with the 2 / 4 / 1951 law , which applies to all those who belong to one of the denominations of christianity ,
and which regulated guardianship rules and terms with regard to managing the finances of christian minors . it addressed an issue that touches on the social foundations of lebanon which secures the protection and care of the interests of this group within lebanese territory , regardless of their nationality .
in light of what has been demonstrated , the law that should be applied in guardianship petitions , in keeping with what the petitioner is committed to , is lebanese law , specifically the 1951 law .
mark howayek returns to beirut ... mozaya : we won 't elect foreign agents or murderers ; readership 3.13 %
mark howayek at beirut airport yesterday . from right to left : deputy hashem and mr basil and deputy mozaya .
after a period of medical treatment in paris , mark howayek , active member of the " free patriotic movement " , who was injured in the january 23 events , returned to beirut the day before yesterday .
he was received at the airport by deputy charles mozaya , representative of deputy general michel aoun , deputy abbas hashem , gibran basil , political liaison officer of the " movement " , dr bassam al-hashem , howayek 's family , and " movement " supporters . he also received a call from deputy ibrahim kanaan .
deputy hashem considers that " the movement is proud to be receiving its activist , who has sacrificed his soul for many young men " .
basil believes that " mark 's greatest consolation is the public display of solidarity with his cause " .
from the airport , howayek and the attendees moved to amchit square , and were joined by deputy walid al-khoury . also , mozaya said , " mark came to prove to those taking sanctuary in their palaces and their grand mansions ; those claiming to be patriots when they are foreign agents , to have a passion for life when they are reapers of souls ; those lecturing on freedom , sovereignty and independence when they are a mere clique of followers ; to those who claim to protect the christian community while they are the ones who called off the great friday ; to those who claim immaculacy when they have a long history of crime ; he came to prove that he is the one who has a passion for life and for lebanon , a boundless passion . for you are a patriot of distinction and an honest lebanese . you are the one who boldly defied the concept of hegemony ; you are the one who refused the return of militias to our land , and thus have become a role model in our free patriotic movement . "
he added , " we , the proprietors of the patriotic movement , want to live in a sovereign , free and independent nation ; in a nation that combats corruption and corrupt people and corruptors , and that respects the formula of coexistence .
we want to live in a nation that respects and protects citizens ' rights . and to achieve that , we have to elect a statesman to the seat of presidency , not a thief , a foreign agent or a murderer . we must elect a man who represents the sweeping majority of christians and the majority of lebanese , a man of courage and honor , a man of valor and justice . "
egypt : trial of 40 " brotherhood " members postponed ; readership 0.56 %
yesterday , an egyptian military court postponed the trial of 40 " muslim brotherhood " leaders accused of terrorism , money laundering and membership of a banned political group to august 5 .
the first of the trial hearings started on april 26 amidst a boycott by the defendants ' lawyers of the trial which has been veiled in secrecy to the extent that the pronouncement of the date and time of its first session was made only hours before the session took place .
military policemen who secures the court hall banned international lawyers from attending the session , among whom were previous united states attorney general ramsey clark , and sameeh khrais , the jordanian lawyer who represents the organization amnesty international .
journalists and some of the egyptian defense lawyers were also banned from entering the court hall which was heavily guarded by security forces .
tens of people from the families of the indictees protested outside the court hall in the hikestep military area in the east of cairo , carrying banners that said " freedom for honest men " .
commendations and settlements bring an end to democracy , readership percentage 0.35 % .
why don 't we turn secondary elections into a new episode of the pathway to democracy , instead of settlements and commendations ?
for general elections , or secondary elections , revive the democratic race because the election process is the one and only safety valve for the conception of the state and its institutions , and the only witness to the exuberance of lebanese diversity .
commendation , though it might indicate good will , does not feed the democratic process , and it annuls the people 's choices and their rights , and we should not be permitted , especially in unsuitable circumstances and in this delicate position , to nullify the main stops , for there shouldn 't be any barriers-regardless of any considerations-in the way of our progress on the path of proper democratic practice .
there are certain nations that have a very long democratic history , such as belgium and australia , that conduct obligatory voting , because they consider voting to be a duty and not merely a right .
there are other ancient nations that exhaust their people with elections tens of times a year .
two months before the presidential entitlement is due , the most suitable gift that the lebanese people could present to themselves , is secondary parliamentary elections-on the condition that the lebanese people partake in the elections with a competitive , civilized spirit that proves their maturity , and proves that they 're far from the street lingo .
we must be reminded of the benefits of elections , and of the fact that in such circumstances , verbal bombardment is most effective .
one of the obvious benefits is discerning the real magnitude of the different political powers and political movements , whether in the northern contingent or in beirut .
for parliamentary elections are the only real indicator of the size and magnitude of this or that bloc , which helps to avoid fake displays of heroism here , and amplifying or downplaying the roles and sizes of contestant powers there , and on the basis of parliamentary elections each bloc can prepare for the general elections which follow after a while .
this democratic race under these difficult and oppressive circumstances will prove to the world , that the lebanese people are capable of severing any plot that targets their political system , their peculiarity and liberties , and that the lebanese people are qualified to overcome any terrorism regardless of its origins , especially if its aim is to drag lebanon into the guild of dictatorial states , or states that suffer from the anarchy of internal schisms and foreign intervention .
the height of fear is that lebanon will start getting used to making choices without elections , similar to what is happening in our surrounding world , after its people are made to believe that the election process is a threat to their safety .
the longest-serving prisoner in the world ; readership 1.54 %
palestinians holding pictures of palestinian prisoner said al-ataba during a protest demanding his release , in front of the red cross headquarters in ramallah .
( reuters ) palestinian prisoner said al-ataba , 56 , has entered his 31st year behind bars , becoming the longest-serving inmate in an israeli prison , and perhaps in the world .
some 200 palestinians gathered in front of the red cross headquarters in the west bank city of ramallah , holding pictures of al-ataba and palestinian flags on the anniversary of his detention on july 27 1977 .
the israeli army detained said al-ataba at his home in nablus old town along with his brother nidal , who was released a year later and completed his studies to become a physician .
as for said , an electricity specialist , he was sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of planning armed operations and preparing explosive devices that were planted in israel .
the sentence also included shutting down the family house in nablus for a period of 17 years .
tokyo bids farewell to makoto oda , leader of the anti-vietnam war movement ; readership 0.07 % .
japanese writer makoto oda , who previously led the anti-vietnam war movement in japan , has died aged 75 of gastric cancer , according to an announcement from his family .
makoto , who came from osaka ( west ) , founded in 1965 the " peace in vietnam " committee , or in japanese , " beheiren " .
this group was famous for organizing a fund-raising campaign dedicated to publishing full pages of " anti-vietnam war announcements " in the " new york times " and " washington post " newspapers .
one of the most prominent writings of this harvard-graduate leftist intellectual is a book entitled " i 'll go everywhere and see everything " , published in 1961 and inspired by a long trip he went on upon graduation , which included europe , the middle east , and asia .
in the last years of his life , he opposed a bill to amend the pacifist japanese constitution , which dates back to 1947 , a bill which conservative prime minister shinzo abe adopted in order to create japanese armed forces able to intervene abroad .
he also condemned us intervention in iraq .
blair launches an aggressive attack on britain 's absurd islamists .
" the observer " newspaper reported yesterday , sunday , that former british prime minister tony blair launched an aggressive attack on those he called absurd british islamists , who he said have nurtured a false sense of grievance that they are being oppressed by britain and the united states .
blair , who resigned from office on june 27 , warned that britain is in danger of losing the battle against terrorists unless mainstream society counters this threat .
the newspaper mentioned that blair 's statements , in which he also attacked civil liberty advocacy groups , were made in a television documentary that will be aired on channel 4 today , monday . it was recorded last tuesday on the eve of his departure from office .
blair was quoted as saying on the program that the idea these people are propagating is that muslims in britain do not have the freedom to express their views or their religion , when in reality muslims in this country [ britain ] have more freedom than in most muslim countries .
blair added , " we are not fighting the battle properly , which is why we are finding it hard to win ; and also because we are not standing up to these people and saying : it 's not just your methods that are wrong , but your ideas are absurd too . nobody is oppressing you and your sense of grievance is unjustified . "
blair cited the example of the overthrow of the taliban regime in afghanistan , and said that islamists have criticized it and considered it an example of the imperialist west 's oppression of muslims , to highlight unfounded claims of grievance .
he wondered how it can be claimed that afghani muslims are being oppressed , when taliban forces used to execute teachers for teaching girls in schools ?
the return of axes politics
king abdullah 's visit to sharm el sheikh directly after the quartet summit was held has put an end to the period of rupture and cooling off that has characterized egyptian-saudi relations as a result of the dispute over their respective roles in the palestinian cause , and each one 's role in exerting influence and being subject to the influence of this issue ; as well as saudi arabia 's individual domination of the mecca agreement without inviting cairo to take part , which was considered by the egyptians to be an insult to their diplomatic and political role for a long time in their ebb-and-flow relation with the palestinians ; believing that what riyadh has done is a takeover of a regionally legitimate role .
we will not go over what has been done on the ground to thwart the mecca agreement , for we are advocates of agreement rather than separation .
what is important now is that the egyptian role has returned to the fore with president mubarak 's suggestion of an initiative for dialog between hamas and fatah to reach a state of agreement that will remove the palestinian cause from the crisis in which it has found itself , as a result of the irrational and immoral fighting on the part of hamas ; which were the words of mr. heikel in his latest intervention in the palestinian cause , this dialog , however , requires a period of time for self-restoration and for allowing familial wounds to heal , and requires compromises on both sides before the negotiation table is approached .
it is a suggestion that will be met with approval from arab political circles and reservations from the leadership of the authority which wants to burn out the different stages by declaring a partitioning policy through premature parliamentary and presidential elections , which presents the conspicuous divorce of a political movement , even if we ideologically disagree with it ; it still is influential within the political reality of palestine , and to eradicate it from the roots while keeping with the rationale of the law would be extremely problematic and risky .
the palestinian position now requires special mediation , meaning mediation that has influence over both sides and that could firstly postpone mr abbas 's demands for international forces to oversee the strip , because the palestinians will otherwise slip into a suicidal circle : the final " liquidation " of the palestinian cause and this is precisely what the united states and israel want ; for gaza to be placed under international supervision will open the gates to the old scheme of handing over gaza to egypt and the west bank to jordan .
the palestinians need to slow down in order to reach the safe shores of the arab initiative .
abdullah al rafei .
algerian journalist
abdellah _ errafii @ hotmail.com
6
the quartet on the middle east convenes in lisbon on july 19 .
a source from the portuguese ministry of foreign affairs said on friday that the " quartet on the middle east " will meet in the capital , lisbon , on july 19 , in what could possibly be the first meeting attended by british ex-prime minister tony blair as an envoy of the quartet .
the quartet includes the united states , the united nations , the european union and russia .
american secretary of state condoleezza rice will be on a visit to portugal on the same day , and is expected to attend the meeting .
diplomatic sources have mentioned that tony blair , who was appointed by the quartet on june 27 which is the same day that he stood down as prime minister after ten years in office , might take part in the meeting too .
the source at the ministry of foreign affairs said i still don 't know but i think so ... yes blair will attend , adding that the russian foreign minister sergey lavrov might come too .
in washington , sean mccormack , spokesperson for the us department of state , stated that he cannot confirm whether a meeting of the quartet will take place in lisbon next week .
he added i have not heard that all the final arrangements and final agreements have been prepared in order for the meeting to take place .
in brussels , a european official that it is unlikely that arab nations such as the kingdom of saudi arabia will participate in the lisbon meeting , because the ongoing talks between the israeli prime minister ehud olmert and the palestinian president mahmoud abbas are proceeding satisfactorily .
the european official said that olmert and abbas 's progress is satisfactory and the whole idea is to allow this to carry on without interference .
olmert had previously said that he expects to meet abbas at the beginning of next week to discuss several issues , among them israel 's initiative to release from jail 250 members of the fatah movement which is headed by abbas .
israel is holding around 10,000 palestinians .
the quartet 's meeting will be the first since the take over of the gaza strip by the islamic resistance movement hamas from the fatah movement which is led by abbas in june .
this has led to a considerable shift in the political scene and the security scene of palestine , for it has effectively partitioned the palestinians between fatah in the west bank and hamas in gaza .
the quartet 's last meeting was held in germany on may 30 .
diplomats have said to reuters that blair has pursued a bigger role since his appointment as an envoy to the middle east , which will allow him to be involved in a more direct and more relevant way in peacemaking .
the european official said that the quartet will not grant him absolute freedom , but blair is a major political figure and , to a certain extent , will be able to do whatever he pleases .
the quartet determined blair 's involvement in raising funds for the palestinians , building their governing institutions and strengthening their economic development .
politicians in israel and in the palestinian authority are not showing , in their private talks , great optimism regarding the probability of resuming talks concerning the establishment of a palestinian nation .
olmert 's popularity has ebbed , he has also been placed in a fragile position which will not allow him to offer the concessions the palestinians desire , while the palestinians face a predicament due to the division of fatah and hamas and of the west bank and gaza .
but the western forces long to see more stability , and american president george bush , whose presidency has been marked by the problems in iraq , reaffirmed that he would like to see a palestinian state before his departure from authority after 18 months .
niger requests algeria 's assistance in fighting rebels in the desert
officials have said that the prime minister of niger and some army commanders will meet abdelaziz bouteflika , the president of neighboring algeria , on sunday to discuss cross-border cooperation in fighting rebels led by the tuareg tribes in the desert in northern niger .
the rebel niger movement for justice has killed at least 36 soldiers and captured tens since the start of a rebellion in february demanding more self-rule for the vast area surrounding the ancient desert town of agades .
the government refuses to negotiate with the group and says that they are drug traffickers and notorious gangs . however , it has asked neighboring countries to attempt to prevent the flow of weapons , fuel and food , which is thought to be coming in from other desert armed groups .
some officials and civil society organizations in niger accuse libya of supporting the rebels , who also target mining facilities in an area containing some of the largest reserves of uranium in the world , as well as oil reserves .
a senior military official in niger told reuters that the delegation did not go there to request any mediation role from algeria as has happened in the past , but to explain the situation and call upon its authorities to support border security .
the official , speaking on condition of anonymity , added that if algeria managed to convince the perpetrators of these attacks that niger would not negotiate and that they should put their weapons aside , it would definitely be of great help .
the delegation includes prime minister seyni oumarou , foreign minister aisha mindawudu , armed forces commander general mumini burima , and general abdu kadha , the national security advisor to president tandja mamadou .
the official algerian news agency said that president bouteflika received the delegation on sunday .
algeria has previously played the role of a mediator between the tuaregs of northern niger and the government .
the nomadic light-skinned tuaregs , known for their blue turbans , launched a rebellion in the nineties demanding more self-rule from the government , dominated by dark-skinned africans , following barbaric raids by security forces , in which a number of civilians were killed .
most tuareg groups signed a peace accord in 1995 , which promised more development in the north . they reinforced the local government and promised to enroll thousands of ex-fighters in the security forces .
the rebel movement says that those peace accords were not fully observed and that the north remains marginalized .
the government says that the majority of the tuaregs demands in the nineties have been met .
the land of palestine between balfour the grandfather and blair the grandson .
in order to establish a viable palestinian state , strong palestinian institutions must be built based on a modern / contemporary approach . we , that is , britain and the european union , will provide you with expertise and training .
in order to do so , there must be a source of funding , which would be the selling of natural gas and other resources to israel .
five years will have passed without any sign of the supposed state , because the situation on the ground is entirely different , i mean , means such as the oslo accord , that is , a new oslo : procrastination and negotiations even on the most trivial of matters . it will take many hours to reach an agreement .
blair is just like the israeli army war generals . when one of them finishes his military service after committing massacres and the like , he becomes an innocent peace dove looking for coexistence . after two catastrophic wars on afghanistan and iraq , blair has become a peace envoy . what peace the palestinian people will enjoy !
mohammad abdul salam
an e-mail
6
pyongyang pledges to observe its commitments to end the nuclear program
in a rare visit by a pyongyang top official yesterday , sunday , the north korean foreign minister , according to a philippine diplomat , pledged that his country will carry out its obligations to end the nuclear weapons program .
pak ui chun , who came to office in ( may ) may , told philippine foreign affairs secretary alberto romulo that the six-party talks on north korea 's nuclear program are making good progress , without mentioning specific details .
he did not mention a specific date to shut down the yongbyon nuclear reactor , which is the core of the crisis .
claro cristobal , the philippine foreign affairs spokesman , said that during the meeting held in manila , pak expressed his desire to cooperate closely with the philippines in three areas of cooperation , including energy and information technology .
cristobal added that pak and romulo discussed bilateral issues , as well as regional and international issues , including developments in the korean peninsula , which took up a large part of the talks between the two sides .
cristobal told reporters that his country is committed to the agreement signed in february to go ahead and denuclearize the korean peninsula .
he went on saying that minister pak has briefed the philippine side on the developments in the six-party talks .
minister pak said the six-party talks are progressing well .
pak is also visiting manila to attend the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) regional forum , which will be held later this week . it is the largest security meeting in the region and will include the ten asean members and 17 dialog partners including the us , japan and china .
the philippines has offered to host a meeting of officials from the six parties to the north korea talks , namely the us , china , russia , japan and the two koreas , on the sidelines of the regional security forum .
however , it is unlikely that such a meeting would be held in the absence of us secretary of state condoleezza rice , who has said that she needs to visit the middle east region and that she will send her deputy to manila instead .
pyongyang has shut down the yongbyon reactor as per an agreement reached in february during the six-party talks on the nuclear program .
the latest round of nuclear talks was concluded this month without setting a deadline for shutting down the facilities .
pak is scheduled to meet today , monday , with philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo to tour some commercial and cultural sites in manila .
haniya : the way out of the current situation is only through dialog
gaza , july 2 / xinhua / ismail haniya , the hamas movement leader and ousted prime minister , said that the way out of the current situation would only be through a dialog dealing with the formation of a national unity government on the basis of the mecca accord and the reformation of security institutions based on national principles .
during a telephone call with sudanese president omar al-bashir today , monday , haniya indicated his and his government 's " commitment to the unity of the palestinian people and land " .
a statement issued by haniya 's office went on saying that the latter had explained to the sudanese president the stance on the latest developments in the palestinian arena , pointing out that what happened in the strip was a security step with no political dimensions and that it was imposed by developments in the field " .
the statement said that haniya " offered condolences to the sudanese president on the death of dr al-majzoub al-khalifah ahmed , the sudanese president 's senior advisor " .
the hamas movement imposed military control over the gaza strip after penetrating the security headquarters and official institutions of the palestinian authority and its leaders , who belong to the fatah movement .
this was followed by palestinian president mahmoud abbas declaring the dissolution of the national unity government and declaring a state of emergency .
hamas rejected abbas 's decisions , who has extensive international and arab relations .
haniya announced his rejection of these orders and continued the work of his government .
this new reality means that , until further notice , the presence of a government in the strip and another in the bank .
a call to the african development bank to assume leadership in africa
rabat , july 3 / xinhua / moroccan finance and privatization minister fathallah oualalou stated today , tuesday , that the african development bank has been asked to assume leadership in developing the african continent .
in his speech at the opening session of a north african countries seminar on the means to enhance the efficiency of the bank 's activities in the african continent , the minister said , " the bank will only be able to play the role of catalyst by stressing the fact that it is an indispensable mediator for all donors . "
pointing out the number of african countries which have made significant progress in good governance and ensuring overall economic stability , the minister said that the bank should take development as an example in order to enhance and spread it throughout the continent , especially at a time when the international community has pledged to support the flow of funds into africa .
according to the minister , the bank , in addition to its stipulated mission to finance and mobilize resources to develop projects in africa , should also offer advice to its state members as well as the technical assistance they need to implement their development programs .
as he called for simplifying finance procedures , the minister invited the bank to set prototypes for other development partners by initiating bold measures with the aim of achieving maximum flexibility in identifying and implementing projects .
a pakistani official : mosque leaders defying orders will face a measure
islamabad , july 4 / xinhua / the pakistani government requested once again that the students and leaders at a mosque in the capital surrender today , wednesday , in order to amicably settle the confrontations at the mosque .
state minister for information tariq azim said , " we have not set a specific deadline for surrender but we want an immediate solution . if the mosque and the religious seminary are not evacuated , a measure will have to be taken . "
at a press conference , azim said , " if they surrender , there will be no need to take action . "
he stated that those students who have killed people and burned government-owned property will face a measure , but the innocent will be allowed to return home .
meanwhile , azim stated that 10 people were killed and 94 injured in yesterday 's clashes .
he said that the imam of the lal masjid and the jamia hafsa religious seminary maulana abdul aziz and his deputy abdul rashid ghazi will not be granted an amnesty and they will be put on trial because of what they have done .
he said that there may be between 2000 and 5000 people inside the mosque .
azim stated that hospitals were on a state of alert but we " hope that there will be no situation leading to more victims " .
he stressed that the government has demonstrated maximum self-control and that we will display self-control in the future .
he said , " we can solve the problem amicably , " adding that the deadline has been extended to give the students an opportunity to surrender .
more than 300 male and female students left the religious seminaries in the pakistani capital to surrender to the authorities .
brown : britain needs more international information sharing on terrorism
london , july 8 / xinhua / british prime minister gordon brown said today , sunday , that britain needs more international sharing of information on possible terrorist suspects , according to sky news network reports .
while visiting flood-affected areas in britain , brown told sky news television , " we now need more information flowing internationally on who are potential terrorists and who are potential suspects . "
brown 's statements came one day after the second anniversary of the july 7 suicide bombings in london , and in the wake of the state of terror alert recently declared in britain .
he said , " i want the system that we are trying to spread throughout europe , a system through which we know potential terrorists suspects .
then , we will have a better idea ... of the risks and threats we face . "
he added , " i think it is very important that we agree on this , and we consider this matter an urgent issue . "
meanwhile , admiral sir alan west , the former navy commander who was appointed by brown as a minister of security last week , said that the war against the terrorist threat facing britain could last for 15 years , according to a report published by the sunday telegraph .
the new security minister said that the overall danger facing the country , from both local and foreign terrorists , has reached its highest level ever and that there is a dire need for a new approach to tackle it , the newspaper said .
yesterday , saturday , the muslim council of britain issued a statement telling muslims that it is their " islamic duty " to cooperate with the police to ensure britain 's safety .
the jordanian king heads to canada in a business trip
amman , july 12 / xinhua / jordanian king abdullah ii headed to ottawa today , thursday , on a working visit for a few days to canada . in the capital ottawa , he will meet with canadian prime minister stephen harper , a number of senior political officials , and the canadian businessmen community to discuss means of enhancing cooperative relations between the two countries and the current situation in the middle east .
a statement by the royal court said that during his meeting with the canadian prime minister , king abdullah ii will address the situation in the palestinian territories and the opportuntiies to revive the peace process in the region based on the two-state solution and international legitimacy resolutions , as well as the situation in iraq and means of promoting security and stability there .
king abdullah ii will also discuss with harper canada 's support for the palestinian economy . canadian sources in ottawa have said that the canadian prime minister will take the opportunity of meeting the king to affirm canada 's continued economic support to the palestinian national authority .
canadian foreign minister peter mackay said earlier that his country will meet its humanitarian commitments towards the middle east .
king abdullah 's talks with canadian officials will focus on bilateral cooperation relations and their supporting mechanisms , especially in the economic , trade and investment fields , as well as discussing means to enhance cooperation in the energy field and jordan 's debts to canada .
the political and economic activities of his visit will include meeting the leader of the canadian opposition , leader of the liberal party stéphane dion and officials in charge of the canadian council of chief executive officers , which includes among its members the most prominent canadian economic leaders , in order to discuss ways to attract canadian investment to jordan and encourage joint projects between the two countries ' private sectors .
during his visit to canada , king abdullah ii will also deliver a speech at the foreign ministry 's famous pearson building , which was established in honor of well-known canadian foreign minister and nobel peace prize laureate lester pearson , who later became canada 's prime minister .
background : democratic korea 's nuclear reactor in yongbyon / an initial and a final addition
democratic korea 's nuclear issue escalated in the early nineties . the us government believed that the yongbyon nuclear reactor was capable of producing enough plutonium to make two or three atomic bombs .
worrying that democratic korea would develop nuclear weapons , the united states signed an agreement with democratic korea in october 1994 to suspend the nuclear facility in return for two relatively proliferation-resistant light-water reactors .
consequently , pyongyang said it froze 8000 nuclear rods at the yongbyon reactor until september 12 , 2002 , when it announced that it would restart operations after accusing the united states of failing to fulfill its commitments .
china has played an active role in defusing the pyongyang nuclear tensions by bringing officials from china , democratic korea , the republic of korea , the united states , japan , and russia to the negotiating table for six-party talks .
on february 13 , 2007 , a joint statement was released by the six-party talks on a crucial step towards denuclearizing the korean peninsula .
according to the document , democratic korea will shut down and seal the yongbyon nuclear reactor , including the processing facility , and call upon international atomic energy agency personnel to monitor and verify its actions .
reports of the abduction of two german nationals in afghanistan
berlin , july 18 / xinhua / two citizens , holding german nationality , are missing and have apparently been kidnapped in afghanistan , german media reported on wednesday .
martin jaeger , the german foreign ministry spokesman , has confirmed that only two citizens are missing in afghanistan .
german diplomats in kabul are seeking a prompt clarification of the situation .
the british broadcasting corporation ( bbc ) quoted an afghan official as saying that a total of seven people were kidnapped in the central afghan province of wardak , including two german nationals .
a un spokesman in new york has confirmed the abduction of seven people in wardak , but he said that the victims are six afghans and a member of the international observer mission , who is believed to be german .
the spokesman added that four afghan policemen who were among the kidnapped have been released .
another batch of south korean troops arrives in lebanon
beirut , july 19 / xinhua / the second batch of south korean troops of the united nations interim force in lebanon ( unifil ) arrived today , thursday , at rafik hariri international airport in beirut .
a total of 288 officers and soldiers arrived today to join their country 's 60-strong force , who arrived in lebanon last week .
in a press release , the commander of the korean contingent praised the existing cooperation between unifil , the korean contingent , and the lebanese army .
he stated that the aim of deploying the troops in the south is to assist in implementing international resolution 1701 on peacekeeping in that area .
afghan and coalition forces cordon off an area to rescue south korean hostages
kabul , july 22 / xinhua / the afghan and the us-led coalition forces have cordoned off an area suspected to be a taliban hideout in order to secure the release of 23 south korean hostages , a statement issued by the afghan defense ministry said today , sunday .
afghan security forces and coalition forces have taken up positions around an area in the karabagh district of the central ghazni province and are waiting for orders to raid the taliban hideout , the statement said .
meanwhile , taliban spokesman yusuf ahmadi announced that militants will execute all the 23 hostages if the forces recklessly carry out the raid .
a team from south korea led by the deputy foreign minister arrived in kabul today , sunday , to mediate the release of the hostages .
the south koreans were abducted by taliban militants on a road in the province of ghazni on thursday afternoon .
taliban fighters threatened to kill all the hostages if the afghan authorities fail to release 23 taliban prisoners before 7 pm ( 14.30 gmt ) today . they then extended the deadline for another 24 hours .
the taliban also demanded the withdrawal of 200 south korean troops from the country , whereas the south korean government said it will withdraw the troops at the end of 2007 as scheduled .
taliban militants have frequently carried out kidnappings in the country over the past two years ,
and have brutally killed some hostages .
the jordanian king receives a message from the iraqi president
amman , july 26 / xinhua / jordanian king abdullah ii affirmed his country 's support to all efforts aimed at maintaining the unity of the iraqi people , achieving security and stability , and ending the violence and turmoil facing iraq at this difficult stage .
according to the statement by the jordanian royal court , king abdullah ii stressed , during his meeting today with the head of the iraqi republican presidential court naseer al-ani , his keenness to boost bilateral cooperation relations between the two countries in the interest of both peoples .
according to the statement , al-ani delivered a message from iraqi president jalal talabani to king abdullah ii , which included " a confirmation of iraq 's keenness to boost and enhance its relations with jordan in various fields . "
al-ani briefed the jordanian king on the latest developments in the iraqi arena and the efforts made to bring about national reconciliation among all sectors of the iraqi people .
also , countries hosting iraqi refugees discussed today in the jordanian capital the status of those refugees and ways to support the host countries ' needs resulting from the burden of hosting them .
a tribal leader warns against the return of al-qaeda to the al-anbar province west of baghdad
ramadi , iraq , july 28 / xinhua / head of the anbar awakening conference sheikh abdul sattar abu risha has warned against the return of al-qaeda organization members to the al-anbar province , west of baghdad , after news of al-qaeda movement-linked groups entering the province in the past few days .
in statements to the press today , saturday , abu risha said , " we have received confirmed information that al-qaeda-linked armed groups have entered some of the province 's towns . "
he added , " if things stay as they are , al-qaeda will penetrate seriously because the weapons owned by the tribesmen are limited , and most military squadrons and policemen remain unarmed and do not have communication devices . "
"
abu risha went on saying , " some al-qaeda movement members have managed to penetrate into the desert west of ramadi in the center of the province , while dormant cells have started to reactivate . "
abu risha attributed any security breach that may happen to the iraqi government for its negligence in arming the province 's people and enhancing their capabilities , in contrast to the agreements signed with the government , which has failed to shoulder its responsibilities properly , he said .
it is worth mentioning that around a year ago , tribal sheikhs in al-anbar province founded a tribal group , which they called the " al-anbar awakening conference " , to counter the al-qaeda organization and its associated groups , which are active in the province .
arab report : the arab region will witness a flow in the volume of foreign investment
tunis , july 31 / xinhua / the inter-arab investment guarantee corporation recently released a 2006 report on the investment climate in the arab world , in which it predicted a rise in foreign investment flows into the arab region during the current year .
the report , excerpts of which were published in the tunisian al-sabah newspaper today , tuesday , says that the corporation attributed the rise to internal attracting factors and external push factors .
concerning internal factors , the report indicated improved national promotional techniques , continuous efforts in preparing the investment climate by facilitating , limiting , and cutting down the cost and time of administrative procedures , while increasing the number of comprehensive service centers , providing necessary information , improving the meeting of deadlines for disclosing data according to internationally recognized standards , as well as arab countries expanding economic city projects and their basic infrastructure requirements , such as airports , roads , ports and railways , and the commitment of a number of arab countries to complete their privatization programs .
it pointed out the external factors that have contributed to pushing investment towards the arab region , most notably low returns on investments abroad compared to the arab region , specifically in the field of natural resources such as oil and mining , expanded markets for some service sectors , particularly the tourism , communications and transportation sectors , as well as the boost in the real estate investment market .
another factor in the increase of arab countries ' share in direct foreign investments on the international level was the continued significant growth in inter-arab investments in 2006 , especially in the tourism sector , which witnessed large investments at a reported investment cost of more than usd 25 billion .
the report predicts an improvement in the growth rate of arab trade , particularly commodity and service exports ( excluding iraq , somalia and palestine ) , which can be attributed to the continued rise in oil and mineral prices , improved entry of arab exports into global markets due to enhanced quality standards applied to products , and increased efforts in developing arab exports .
