iranian opposition movement mujahideen khalq said that it had won a seven-year legal battle when three senior judges supported a ruling yesterday stating that the british government was wrong when it banned the movement , considering it to be a terrorist movement .
judges at the court of appeal refused to uphold the british government 's ruling last november , saying that its refusal to remove iranian organization mujahideen khalq from the list of banned terrorist organizations was wrong .
the president of the court lord nicholas philips said that the appeal presented by interior minister jacqui smith was " not based on a reasonable assumption " and added that " the appropriate approach is to refuse the application " put forward by the interior minister .
mariam rajwi , head of the political wing of mujahideen khalq , the iranian resistance movement 's national council , said that " the ruling proves that describing mujahideen khalq as a terrorist organization was unfair . "
she said in a phone call from paris to reuters " the governments of the west and the government of the united kingdom owes the iranian people and the resistance an apology for this disgraceful description . "
rajwee said that removing the name of mujahideen khalq from the british list of terrorist organizations would release the organization 's frozen assets and would allow it to collect funds from its supporters in britain , adding that she hoped the ruling would end similar sanctions by the european union .
she said that britain and the european union must recognize and agree to start negotiations with the iranian resistance .
mujahideen khalq began as a leftist-islamist opposition group to the former shah of iran but clashed with religious leaders who came to power after the islamic revolution in 1979 in iran .
commander of al-anbar police staff lieutenant general tariq al-hasan confirmed that intelligence information led the haditha police command to the name and address of the person who is known as " abu omar al-baghdadi , " leader of the " islamic state of iraq " organization , which is linked to the " al-qaeda " organization .
al-hasan confirmed in a statement to " asharq al-awsat " that the true name of " al-baghdadi " is hamed dawood khalil al-zawi .
al-hasan indicated that al-zawi was born in 1959 and had worked in the iraqi intelligence service during the previous regime , and was dismissed from it because of his extremism .
al-hasan said that raids based on intelligence information were carried out in al-zawi district of the haditha province , where the information was obtained .
he added that " information indicates that we are two bows ' lengths or less away from capturing him or killing him . "
al-hasan added that the presence of al-qaeda elements in al-anbar " has been totally exposed , and that capturing them or killing them has become an accepted truth that every member of the iraqi police in the province believes in . "
" thus , the capture of the leader of the so-called islamic state of iraq is imminent , " indicating that his staff " has his real picture now , which is withheld for security reasons . "
al-hasan clarified that the expanse of desert between the provinces of haditha , mosul and kirkuk gave al-zawi continuous mobility , hence some information reported that he was from baghdad or mosul .
however , we affirm that he has relatives and family in al-zawiyah village in the haditha province and that the inhabitants of the area carry the name of their city or village , al-zawi .
the defense team of 3 dutch citizens of arab origin , who had been arrested in a terrorism-related case , expressed happiness with the general prosecution decision to close investigations and search in the case .
the defense team stated that it is now preparing for a judicial case to demand compensation for the three individuals , two of moroccan origin and a third of sudanese origin , to compensate them for the time they spent in prison during case investigations .
a spokesman for the dutch general prosecution said that a decision was made to close the follow up and investigation file for the case , in which the three individuals were arrested . the arrests were made during new year 's celebrations on suspicions of involvement in preparation to execute terrorist attacks during new year 's celebrations .
the spokesman added that the general prosecution made this decision since there was no evidence , and because search missions to the suspects ' houses did not find any explosives or weapons . plans to execute terrorist attacks were unclear , and targets of those plans were not identified .
previously , the defense of the three individuals expressed great astonishment because the arrest of the suspects was only based on information from internal security intelligence agencies and without any evidence .
in the middle of last january , the dutch general prosecution filed an appeal against the court 's decision not to extend the imprisonment of the two moroccans , while it did not demand an extension for the imprisonment of the third individual of sudanese origin .
however , the consultative court in rotterdam issued its decree rejecting the general prosecution 's request for lack of strong evidence that proves the involvement of the two individuals in terrorist plans . therefore , the court decided to release them .
this is a small country consisting of 7 million people , without any natural resources to speak of . it is surrounded by enemy countries yet in spite of this , israel has managed to build an economy with international status and growth of 5 % a year since 2003 , faster than the economies of britain , america and japan .
according to reuters , the move towards free market policies in recent years contributed to the success of its economy but a large part of israel 's growth comes from businessmen who set up technology companies then sell the company or shares to the public in a model that has perhaps reached the limits of its economic capacity .
after making enormous progress in the first 60 years of its creation , israel is now looking for means to benefit from the culture of invention through marketing its technological know-how abroad . shlomo kalish , founding partner of the company jerusalem global ventures , one of the oldest venture capital companies in israel , says " israeli business men are good at working the international market because there are no local markets to speak of , globalization works to our benefit " .
zeev holtzman , chairman of the israel research center venture and giza venture capital , says that china and india , israel 's two competitors in the field of advanced technology , are now a big market for israeli exports .
he added that " asia has effectively become more important as a market for israeli advanced technology . however , the level of inventive technology which is limited to the israeli advanced technology sector remains the principal factor in maintaining israel 's superiority . "
a british court announced the day before yesterday that the palestinian islamist " abu qatada , " who is considered the spiritual leader of the al-qaeda organization in europe , will be released shortly under court supervision ,
a matter criticized by the government that seeks to deport him .
the immigration appeals commission said that omar mahmoud mohammed othman , known as " abu qatada , " will be subject to strict court supervision and will only be able to leave his home for two hours daily .
judge john mitting 's ruling to release the muslim cleric came after the court of appeals ordered the government in april to stop measures to deliver him to the government of his home country because of his allegation that he faces the threat of torture if he returns to jordan .
but the judge acknowledged that " abu qatada " may threaten national security , and therefore he imposed a 22-hour curfew on him ,
which means that he has to stay at his home all day except for two hours .
officials said that the rest of the details will be decided during another hearing session within two weeks at the most .
fundamentalists in london said that " abu qatada " has not gotten home yet ; however they expressed hope that he will join his family within a few days after the long months he spent moving between the strictly guarded " belmarsh " prison and " long lartin " in northern england .
the appointed release time of " abu qatada " was not determined , but the question will be decided in a few weeks ,
noting that he is detained at " belmarsh " prison southeast of london .
yesterday , moscow paraded its nuclear missiles and tanks in the red square for the first time since the end of the soviet age .
new russian president dmitry medvedev warned against the eruption of " armed clashes , " as a result of " irresponsible ambitions . "
russia returned to the traditions of the former soviet union , as the red square recorded the country 's latest military achievements , following a year of standstill .
military music bands and 8,000 soldiers participated in the military parade .
heavy arms followed after that , including the ballistic topol-m missiles and t-90 tanks , and jetfighters flew over the show area .
in an attack against american foreign policy and western support for the independence of kosovo , medvedev criticized " intentions to meddle in other countries ' affairs , especially the drawing of borders . "
the new president was supported by his predecessor , vladimir putin , who became prime minister under the shining sun in front of lenin 's grave . his picture appeared on a giant board in the background , on which the date , may 9 , 1945 , was also written .
for the first time since the collapse of the soviet union , the largest russian city , from the far east to the banks of the baltic , kaliningrad , witnessed a parade for military and aviation equipment , within the framework of the same system that the capital witnessed .
what is noteworthy in this regard is the keenness of russian authorities this year that soldiers and officers of the russian red army should appear in the new uniform produced by valentine udashkin , the most famous fashion designer in russia , who is widely known in the international fashion world .
the nineveh command operations announced the evening before last a curfew in the governorate of nineveh .
a number of the city 's residents said in telephone conversations with al-sharq al-awsat that the city in general is extremely calm and that iraqi armored vehicles patrol the streets at night while american planes patrol the skies . they said that the curfew applied to people as well but that there was movement in one area and that shops were open and people had started to panic buy fearing the curfew will last several more days .
yunis hashim , the governorate 's islamic party deputy , said that the surprise factor at the forces entering is what allowed control of the town because al-qaeda elements did not expect them to enter in this way , indicating that there were rumors also about car bombs to fight these forces , but this has also been brought under control . he believes that the operations have several targets but will not take place in the same way as operations in basra and baghdad .
the head of operations in the governorate of nineveh , major-general riyadh jalal tawfiq , called for in a statement read out yesterday to journalists at the headquarters of the nineveh operations command " lecturers , intellectuals , sheikhs , heads of tribes and religious authorities in the governorate of nineveh , as the second line of the security forces , to stand with us to liberate the governorate " , according to an independent agency ( iraq voices ) .
the commander of nineveh operations also recommended that " members of the former iraqi army to join the ranks of the security forces to drive out al-qaeda gunmen " .
the karam abu salem crossing , located in the area of a triangular meeting point on the borders between egypt , israel , and gaza , was subjected to palestinian shelling yesterday , as egypt kept the rafah border crossing with the gaza strip open for the second consecutive day .
eyewitnesses , residents from the egyptian-israeli border area , said that yesterday morning at least three palestinian rockets fell on the israeli side of the karam abu salem crossing .
the witnesses said they clearly heard the sound of explosions on the israeli side of the crossing , which made them cautious about moving in the area close to the border with israel .
it is to be noted that there were no material or human losses on the egyptian side . israel has kept the karam abu salem crossing closed since last april 19 after palestinian activists carried out an attack on the crossing that resulted in the wounding of thirteen israeli soldiers and the killing of three palestinians . the crossing was used for the passage of egyptian food assistance to gaza .
since the beginning of the year , an egyptian man and a female child have been killed by bullets , which the bedouins of the area said had been fired from an israeli guard tower at the karam abu salem crossing .
last february , a palestinian rocket fell inside the egyptian area by mistake , fired by palestinian activists at the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
most of the areas of the gaza strip drowned in deep darkness , after the only electricity generation station in the strip stopped working for the second successive day , as israeli authorities refused to permit its provision with the fuel required for operation .
palestinian families in many areas of the gaza strip depended on candles to light their houses , while electricity generators could not operate for lack of gas oil and petrol .
at the same time , lighting equipment operated by gas stopped working for lack of gas in most palestinian houses .
abd al-karim abdeen , the general manager of the palestinian energy authority , explained that the occupation forces have refused to provide the electricity generation station with fuel , claiming that there were security obstacles in the " nahel hanon " crossing , through which the fuel dedicated for the station is unloaded .
israel permits the strip to be provided with limited quantities of the electricity generation station 's fuel , so that the station won 't keep enough of a fuel reserve .
for its part , the palestinian ministry of health warned of the repercussions of the power cut on medical services and patient lives .
in a statement issued yesterday , it said that the electrical power cuts threatened the lives of kidney patients , who need kidney-dialysis operations requiring an electrical current , and pulmonary disease patients who need breathing equipment , which depends upon electricity , in addition to the danger that threatens the lives of newborns , whose care depends upon the presence of an electrical current .
the ministry also noted that the electrical power cuts would damage large quantities of medications that should be kept in refrigerators .
akinwumi adesina , vice-president of the alliance for a green revolution in africa , regards the world food crisis as an opportunity in addition to being a challenge . he said that " in the medium and long term , expanding agriculture and not food aid is the sole solution " .
adesina said that the reduction in agricultural production in africa over the past 30 years is a scandal because african farmers only produce a little , very little indeed , barely enough for their families ' needs .
he said that " the agricultural sector in africa has been neglected for decades . "
pedro sanchez , an agriculture specialist at columbia university in new york who works as a consultant for the united nations development program , considers that the current crisis is an appropriate time for a green revolution , and refers to the indian example .
he says " the price crisis in the sixties is what motivated the provision of huge funding for rice growing there " .
sanchez said that as they faced an astronomical increase in prices on the world market , african countries who depend on imports must move towards local production of wheat , rice , grains and other agricultural products to reduce their dependence on foreign imports .
some african countries are attempting to do exactly this . in early may , the kenyan government launched a 50 million dollar program in cooperation with the alliance for a green revolution in africa , aimed essentially at helping small farmers .
with this program , low interest loans are being offered to around 2.5 million farms , in addition to state-funded fertilizers and good-quality seeds .
in senegal , president abdullah waad revealed a plan he called the " great agricultural campaign for food and availability . "
the first ballot offices opened their doors at 10 : 00 gmt on tuesday in indiana ( north ) , where important primary elections are being held in the framework of the race to obtain the democratic party nomination for the presidential elections in november .
the primary elections started , [ while ] tens of people waited for ballot centers to open in indianapolis . they will close their doors at 22 : 00 gmt .
this election process is the forty-ninth to decide the result between democratic candidates barack obama and hillary clinton to obtain the support of the democratic party .
some polling centers located in the west of the state will open at 11 : 00 gmt . at 10 : 30 gmt , polling offices in north carolina ( southeast , ) where other primary elections are being held , opened .
a total of nearly 3.4 million voters in the state were [ invited ] to vote in indiana , since these voters are not registered according to their political affiliations , as in other states . in this case , republican or independent voters could make a difference .
in north carolina , only voters registered in the democratic party ( 6.2 million ) or independents ( 2.1 million ) will participate .
no matter what the results of the primary election on tuesday are , neither of the two democratic candidates will have the sufficient number of delegates allowing them receiving the party nomination . the result could convince " super delegates " to join this or that candidate , however .
in the shadow of a political crisis , israel commemorates on wednesday soldiers and civilians who dies in battles or attacks before celebrations in the evening for the sixtieth anniversary of its creation .
prime minister ehud olmert said in a speech broadcast on radio " we remember here our sons who fought and sacrificed themselves for israel 's existence [ ... ] we promise to continue to commemorate them and fight for the state 's existence and work for a better future " .
on tuesday , olmert said that " it is hard for a person to be prime minister of israel " in reference to an investigation by the police into another corruption case in which his name appears and which the media considers to be extremely dangerous .
the court imposed a complete blackout on this file but it allowed details to be published which claim that the authorities are questioning " a foreign national considered to be the main witness " in the case .
the political class is already talking about the possibility of olmert resigning or being suspended or even early elections as the current parliament 's term ends in november 2010 .
in the shadow of this poisoned political atmosphere , flags on official buildings were lowered to commemorate the 22,437 israeli soldiers killed in battle and 1643 civilians killed in attacks since the founding of the state of israel on may 15 , 1948 .
in the same way as every year , sirens went off at 11 o 'clock local time ( 7.00 gmt ) all over the country and israelis stood still to honor their dead .
after this , olmert presided over ceremonies in the military section of the mount herzl cemetery in west jerusalem where the majority of historic figures in the country are buried .
on wednesday , south africa 's president thabo mbeki called for the promotion of economic cooperation , cooperation between his country , the biggest economy on the african continent , and qatar , which is considered one of the most important exporters of gas in the world ,
especially in the areas of natural gas , space science , and human resources .
mbeki , who is paying a visit to qatar , said that " south africa is interested in obtaining liquefied natural gas from qatar " during a seminar that brought together qatari and south african businessmen on wednesday morning in doha .
mbeki added , " one of the subjects that we will discuss is cooperation in the field of space science ( ... ) and in the field of human resources . "
the president of south africa began an official visit to qatar at the head of a delegation that includes , in particular , around a hundred businessmen representing around thirty institutions interested in forming partnerships with qatar .
mbeki said that the economic relations ( between the two countries ) " do not rise to the level of our political relations . "
the emir of qatar sheikh hamad bin khalifah al thani hosted his guest on tuesday and wednesday and discussed with him " ways of promoting bilateral cooperation . "
" they also reviewed many of the regional and international issues , " according to the qatari news agency .
for his part , the minister of trade in south africa mandisi mpahlwa indicated that " the time is appropriate now to develop commercial cooperation opportunities ( .. ) especially in the areas of energy , communications , sciences , technology , infrastructure , and tourism as well " .