iranian opposition mujahideen khalq organization said that it had won a legal battle continued for seven years when he supported three senior judges yesterday ruled that the british government was wrong when it banned the organization as a terrorist organization .
the judges in the court of appeal rejected the appeal of the british government in the ruling that was issued last november that its refusal to lift the iranian mujahedin khalq organization from the list of banned terrorist organizations was wrong .
the head of the court , lord nicholas phillips said that the appeal filed by home secretary jacqui smith " is not based on reasonable cause " , adding that " the right path is rejected the demand " made by the interior minister .
maryam rajavi , the head of the political wing of the mujahideen khalq organization , the national council of resistance of iran , " said the ruling proves that he described as terrorism against the mujahideen khalq organization was unfair " .
she said in a telephone call from paris to reuters agency , " western governments and the government of the united kingdom city for the iranian people and resistance to apologize for this shameful description " .
rajavi said that lifting the name of mujahideen khalq organization from the british list of terrorist organizations will release the frozen assets of the organization and enable them to collect money from their supporters in britain , adding that it hopes to lead the government to put an end to similar sanctions by the european union .
she said that britain and the european union must recognize and agree to start negotiations with the iranian resistance .
the mujahideen khalq organization began as a leftist - islamist opposition organization for the late shah of iran but disagreed with the clerics who took power after the 1979 islamic revolution in iran .
major general tariq al-hassan al anbar police chief , confirmed that intelligence information has brought a new police command of the name and address of the so-called " abu omar al-baghdadi " , the leader of the " islamic state of iraq " linked to al-qaeda .
al-hassan said in a statement to " asharq al-awsat " , that the real name of " al-baghdadi " is hamid dawud khalil alzawa .
al-hassan pointed out that al-zaway was born in 1959 and was working in the iraqi intelligence service at the time of the former regime , was expelled from his strictness .
al-hassan said that the raids were based on intelligence information , occurred in the alzawa area in haditha district where he obtained this information .
" the information also indicates that we are on the verge of arresting him or kill him " .
hassan added that the presence of al-qaeda elements in anbar , " it has become very clear that the arrest or kill them has become a muslim who believes in every element of the iraqi police in the governorate .
therefore , the arrest of the so-called leader of the islamic state of iraq has become imminent " , hinting that his body " has the image of the truth now , which is reserved for security reasons " .
hassan said " that the desert between haditha and mosul and kirkuk district extensions granted angular continuous movement and that some information came to the effect that from baghdad and mosul .
but we stress that his relatives and family in al-zawya village in the district of modern and that the people of the region in the name of their city or village ( called alzawa )
the defense team said about 3 of dutch arab origins , had been arrested in connection with a case related to terrorism , expressed their happiness for the public prosecution 's decision to close the investigations , and research on the issue .
the defense team said that he is ready now to prepare for a lawsuit , demanding compensation for the three persons , two of moroccan origin and the third sudanese origin , to compensate them for the period spent in prison during the investigation into the case .
a spokesman for the dutch public prosecutor 's office , said that it was decided to close the file of the follow-up and investigation into the case , which was detained for three persons , during the celebrations of the new year , on suspicion of their involvement in preparing to carry out terrorist attacks during the new year celebrations .
the spokesman added that the decision of the public prosecution due to lack of evidence , and that inspections of the homes of the suspects , did not result in the presence of explosives or weapons , nor are any plans to carry out terrorist attacks , and has not been identified , the targets that were targeted by those plans .
the defense of the three persons expressed their extreme astonishment , to detain suspects for a mere information from the internal security intelligence services , without the presence of any evidence .
the dutch public prosecution , progress in mid - january , with a request to appeal against the court 's decision not to extend the imprisonment of moroccans , while no demands to extend the imprisonment of the third sudanese origin .
but the court advisory in rotterdam issued its decision , rejected the request of the public prosecutor 's office , the absence of strong evidence to prove the involvement in terrorist plans , and therefore the court decided to release them .
it is a small country consisting of seven million and does not enjoy natural resources , and surrounded by hostile states , however , has been able to israel despite everything from building the economy achieved global position and growth of 5 percent annually since 2003 , faster than the economies of britain , the united states , and japan .
according to reuters agency helped the transition to free market policies in recent years in the success of the economy , but a large part of the growth of israel based on businessmen who founded technology companies and then sell them or offer shares to the public in a model might have reached the maximum extent its economic potential .
after they made great strides in the first 60 years of the establishment of israel now seeks to search for ways to benefit from the culture of innovation through the marketing of its technological superiority abroad . says shlomo kalish co-founder of jerusalem company global ventures , which is one of the oldest risk capital companies in israel , " israeli businessmen know how to work in the global markets because there is no local market remember , globalization work for us " .
he said false holtzmann , chairman of the board of israel venture brief venture capital research center that china and india which compete with israel in the field of advanced technology has now become a lucrative market for israeli exports .
" asia already has become the most important market for israel 's advanced technology . but the level of innovative technology , which is limited to the advanced israeli technology sector will remain the main factor that keeps israel 's superiority .
a british court declared the day before yesterday that the palestinian islamic " abu qatada " , who is considered the spiritual leader of al-qaeda network in europe , will soon be released under judicial control .
which was condemned by the government , which is seeking to deport him .
the special immigration appeals commission said that omar mahmoud mohammed othman , known as " abu qatada , will be subject to strict judicial supervision , and will not be able to leave his home but two hours a day .
the judge sentenced john meeting to release muslim cleric came after the court of appeal ordered the government in april , to stop handing him over to his country of origin , government procedures because of his claim that he is facing a threat of torture if returned to jordan .
however , the judge acknowledged that " abu qatada " may threaten national security , and imposed a curfew for 22 hours .
which means that it should remain in his house throughout the day , with the exception of two hours .
officials said that he would be chapter in the rest of the details during a hearing on the other , within two weeks at most .
fundamentalists in london said that " abu qatada " did not reach his home after , but they expressed their hope to join his family in a few days after long months spent moving between prisons " bilmarsh " very guarded and " long to barton , " in the north of england .
he did not specify a date for the release of " abu qatada , " but the matter will take place during the coming weeks .
noting that he held in prison " belmarsh " in south east london .
moscow yesterday reviewed its nuclear missiles and tanks in red square for the first time since the end of the soviet era .
the new russian president dmitry medvedev warned of the outbreak of " armed conflicts " as a result of " irresponsible " ambitions .
russia has returned to the traditions of the former soviet union to register red square after a suspension that lasted for 18 years , to review the latest achievements of the country 's military .
military bands and eight thousand soldiers participated in the parade .
and then the heavy weapons , including topol-m ballistic missiles and tanks or t - 90 - followed and fighter jets flew over the parade area .
in an attack on us foreign policy and western support for kosovo 's independence , medvedev criticized the " intentions of interfering in the affairs of other countries , especially the demarcation of the border " .
and stood beside the new president of his predecessor vladimir putin , who became prime minister , under the sunshine in front of lenin 's tomb whose picture appeared on a giant background written on them as well as the date of 9 may 1945 .
also for the first time since the collapse of the soviet union has witnessed major russian cities from the far east to the baltic kaliningrad , a presentation of military equipment and aviation under the same system that took place in the capital .
it is noteworthy in this regard is keen the russian authorities this year that shows soldiers and red - russian army officers in new uniforms from producing valentine يوداشكين , the most famous fashion designers in russia and widely known in the world of fashion world .
ninawa operations command has declared the day before yesterday evening a curfew in ninawa governorate .
a number of the inhabitants of the city , said in a telephone contact with al-sharq al-awsat that the city is generally very quiet and that iraqi armored vehicles patrolling the streets of the city and us aircraft flying in the air , confirming that the curfew is forbidden to persons also but there is movement within the same district and shops opened and people started to shop for fear of the continuation of the curfew for more days .
younis hashim , deputy of the islamic party in the province , said that the surprise in entering the forces which has taken control of the city because elements of al-qaeda , " did not expect to enter this way , hinting that the talks also revolved around the car to confront these forces , and has been brought under control as well , believing that the operations will be the same quality goals and will not be in a way that took place in operations in basra or baghdad .
the governorate of ninawa operations commander general riyadh jalal tawfiq demanded in a statement read by yesterday to reporters in ninawa operations command headquarters , " professors , intellectuals and sheikhs and tribal elders and religious scholars in the governorate of ninawa , as they are the second line of the security forces to stand with us in the liberation of the province " , according to the independent news agency ( voices of iraq ) .
it also recommended the ninawa operations commander , " members of the former iraqi army to join the ranks of the security forces to pursue al-qaeda militants " .
karam abu salem crossing , which is located in the area of triangular convergence on the borders between egypt and israel and gaza was exposed to a palestinian attack yesterday , at the same time , kept مصرمعبر rafah border with the gaza strip open for the second day in a row .
eyewitnesses from the residents of the area of the egyptian-israeli borders said that three palestinian missiles at least fell yesterday morning over the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
witnesses said that they heard sounds of explosions clearly on the israeli side of the crossing , making them wary of moving to the area near the borders with israel .
it is worth mentioning that there is no material or human losses on the egyptian side . israel closed the karam abu salem crossing since the nineteenth of last april in the wake of the palestinian activists in launching an attack on the crossing , which resulted in the injury of 13 israeli soldiers and three palestinians were killed when it was used for the passage of egyptian food aid to gaza .
an egyptian man and a child were killed since the beginning of this year by bedouins in the region said that he was fired from an israeli guard tower in karam abu salem crossing .
in february last year a palestinian rocket landed inside the egyptian territories by mistake launched by palestinian activists on the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
most areas of the gaza strip sank in darkness due to stop the only power plant in the gaza strip for the second day in a row to the refusal of the israeli authorities to provide them with the necessary fuel to operate them .
palestinian families in many parts of gaza strip depended on the candles in the light of houses , while no longer possible generators to run out of diesel fuel and gasoline .
at the same time , the lighting systems which operate on gas without work for running out of gas from most palestinian homes .
abdul karim abdine , director general of the palestinian energy authority , explained that the occupation authorities refuse to provide the power plant with fuel , claiming that there are security barriers at the crossing " of nahal oz , " through which unloaded fuel allocated to the station .
it is worth mentioning that israel allows supplying the strip with limited quantities of fuel for the power plant , where does not keep the station with sufficient reserves of fuel .
on its part , the palestinian ministry of health warned of the consequences of the impact of the blackout on medical services and the lives of patients .
and said in a statement issued yesterday that outage threatens the lives of kidney patients who are in need of dialysis operations , which require the presence of an electric current , along with chest diseases patients who are in need of respirators depend on electricity , in addition to the danger that threatens the lives of newborns who depend on their care for the presence of electricity .
the ministry said that the blackout will lead to damage large amounts of medicines should be kept in refrigerators .
see akin adesina , vice president of " the alliance for a green revolution in africa " in the global food crisis an opportunity as well as a challenge . " in the medium and long term , the expansion of agriculture and not food aid is the only solution " .
adesina said that the retreat of agricultural production in africa over the last thirty years represents a scandal where does not produce only a few african farmers and very little that hardly enough even for consumption of their families .
he said " that the agriculture sector in africa for negligence over the decades " .
also see pedro sanchez , agricultural specialist at columbia university in new york , as well as working as an adviser to the united nations development program that the current crisis is the appropriate time to carry out the " green revolution " , referring to the indian example .
he said " that the crisis of prices during the sixties , which pushed towards providing tremendous support for rice cultivation there " .
sanchez said either has faced a rocket rise in prices on world markets , the african countries that rely on imports , to push for local production of corn , rice and grain and other crops in order to reduce its dependence on foreign imports .
some african governments are trying to do this exactly . in early may , the kenyan government launched a program at a cost of 50 million dollars in cooperation with the alliance for a green revolution in africa , which mainly aims to help small farmers .
under this program will provide low interest loans as well as supported by the state and good seeds , fertilizer to about 2.5 million farmers .
in senegal , president abdoulaye wade revealed a plan called " the great agricultural campaign for food and abundance .
the first polling stations opened their doors at 00,10 gmt . g. tuesday in indiana ( north ) where organized primaries mission within the framework of the race to win the democratic party nomination for the presidential elections in november .
the preliminary elections started after dozens of people were waiting for the opening of polling stations in indianapolis , which will close its doors at 00,22 gmt .
this electoral process is forty - ninth to settle the result between the candidates to win the support of the democratic party barack obama and hillary clinton .
will open some polling stations located in the west of the state at the eleventh hour t. g. at 30,10 gmt . g. opened polling stations in north carolina ( in the south - east ) , where organized other primaries .
and called for the election in indiana total voters numbered about 3 million voters in the state , because those voters are not registered according to their political affiliation , as well as in other states . in this case , for republican voters or independents that can make the difference .
in north carolina , will participate in the elections , only registered voters in the democratic party ( 6 , 2 million ) or independents ( about 2 million ) .
whatever the outcome of the primary elections on tuesday , will not have any of the democratic candidates a sufficient number of delegates , which allows him to get his party 's nomination . but the result may convince " senior delegates " to join this or that candidate .
israel on wednesday amid a political crisis marks the anniversary of its soldiers and civilians who were killed in battles or in attacks , before the celebration on the sixtieth anniversary of its establishment .
prime minister ehud olmert said in a speech , quoted by public radio " mention here our sons who fought and sacrificed themselves for the sake of the continuation of israel ... we pledge to continue to commemorate their struggle for the survival of the state and work for a better future " .
on tuesday , olmert said that " it is difficult to be one prime minister of israel " , referring to the investigation conducted by the police on the issue of new corruption included his name in the media is " very dangerous " .
the court imposed a total blackout on this file , but it allowed the publication of information that the authorities are interrogating " a foreign national is key witness " in the case .
the political class is talking now about the possibility of olmert 's resignation or suspension of his duties or even holding early elections , while the current parliament 's term ends in november 2010 .
in the light of these poisoned political climate , flags lowered in official buildings in memory of 22437 israeli soldiers were killed in the fighting and 1643 civilians were killed in attacks since the establishment of the state of israel on 15 may 1948 .
as in every year , sirens at eleven o'clock local time ( at seventh gmt ) in all parts of the country and the israelis to stop the movement to honor their dead .
olmert later presided over a ceremony at the military section of the mount herzl cemetery in west jerusalem where he hid the majority of historical figures in the country .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday called for strengthening economic cooperation between his country , the biggest economy in the african continent , and qatar , which is considered one of the most important gas exporter in the world .
especially in the fields of natural gas and space science and human resources .
mbeki , who is on a visit to qatar , said during a seminar qataris , south african businessmen on wednesday morning in doha that " south africa is interested in obtaining collected from qatar liquefied natural gas " .
mbeki added that " one of the topics that we are discussing is cooperation in the field of space science ... and in the area of human resources " .
the president of south africa on tuesday started an official visit to qatar at the head of a delegation that includes in particular about one hundred businessmen representing about thirty institution is interested in partnerships with qatar .
mbeki said that economic relations ( between the two countries ) are not up to the level of our political relations " .
the emir of qatar , sheikh hamad bin khalifa al-thani met tuesday and wednesday his guest and discussed with him the " ways of strengthening bilateral cooperation .
they also reviewed a number of regional and international issues , " according to the qatari news agency .
for his part , minister of commerce in south africa said mandisi مبهلوا that " the time is right to develop commercial cooperation opportunities ... especially in the fields of energy , communications , science and technology , infrastructure , as well as in tourism " .
he said مبهلوا in a speech before a seminar for businessmen in the morning in doha " came with the parties interested in financial and banking services , tourism and consulting and investment and techniques of electricity , oil and gas .
beirut 7-5-2008 ( afp ) -
an official in the general labor confederation in lebanon announced the " suspension of " the demonstration , which was scheduled on wednesday to protest against the government 's policy for security reasons .
his excellency boutros secretary of foreign relations in the federation to agence france presse said " the demonstration was the arrival of the participants commented , " adding " we will meet the union later to set another date , " without giving further details .
in a press conference , ghassan ghosn , president of the general labor union said that " the suspension of " the demonstration was " not secure taxi security protection for the participants " .
the national agency for the official media reported that the general labor union decided to " cancel the demonstration , which was scheduled today because of the security conditions " . a source from the labor union had earlier refused to confirm the news of the cancellation of the demonstration .
the source said that the gathering in al-barbir still exists , but the demonstration did not start after an hour on the date scheduled to start at ten o'clock local time ( at seventh gmt ) .
it was scheduled to start the demonstration from the sensitive al-barbir area in beirut due to its presence on the borders of areas where loyalty to big weight , to end at the central bank of lebanon .
a france presse correspondent reported that dozens of demonstrators were gathered in al-barbir . beirut has witnessed since early morning cut off main roads , including rafik hariri international airport in ramparts , and burning tires , old cars and garbage containers and concrete blocks .
the security forces took intensive security measures and mechanisms of the army and internal security forces were deployed at intersections .
medical sources and palestinian witnesses said that fourteen palestinians , most of them activists at least were injured during an incursion by the israeli army east of khan younis in the southern gaza strip at dawn on wednesday .
doctor mu'awiyah hassanein said that six palestinians were injured in a new raid targeted a house in the farahin area east of khan younis , one of them seriously . this brings the number of injured since today morning to 14 .
eyewitnesses reported that among the injured palestinian activists .
the sources said that " seven palestinians were injured during an incursion operation by the israeli army in the area of al faraheen east of khan younis in the southern gaza strip , including three activists from al-qassam brigades , the military wing of hamas , after being targeted by a missile from a reconnaissance plane " .
the sources said " that the four others were injured in an artillery bombardment , including three activists during the incursion operation " .
al-qassam brigades said in a statement that it fired a number of mortar shells and rocket-propelled grenades toward the israeli military vehicles that rolled into the area east of khan younis .
eyewitnesses said that a number of israeli military tanks accompanied by bulldozers and supported by an unmanned , participated in this incursion on wednesday morning with heavy fire towards the citizens ' houses .
also armed clashes took place between palestinian militants and the israeli army .
in response to a question by agence france presse , an israeli military spokeswoman confirmed in tel aviv that " the israeli army opened fire near khan yunis against armed palestinian elements ...
the secretary-general of the united nations , " he expressed his deep concern " of the bombardment operations that occurred in the recent civilian targets , including a school and a market in the troubled region of darfur in western sudan , according to the office of the secretary - general .
in a statement to the united nations that the secretary-general had indicated that the bombing of a school , water installations and a market in darfur villages , " totally unacceptable " .
the statement added that a joint african un peacekeeping mission in darfur ( unamid ) helped to evacuate the injured after the attacks .
the statement added that that concern also for acts committed by gangs and complexity of humanitarian operations and impede unamid 's ability to carry out its tasks .
he renewed his call to all parties to ease the hostility and ensure the protection of civilians and to work with unamid to establish security and adhere to the political process , led by special envoys from the united nations and the african union .
ahmed hussein adam , a spokesman for the rebel justice and equality movement in darfur on monday announced that the sudanese government forces planes bombed for three days in the north of the province , leaving 14 dead among the civilians .
he said in response to a question by afp from london where he lives , " recorded a continuous bombardment for three days was carried out by aircraft antonov " .
in darfur in western sudan since five years dispute resulted in about 200 thousand people dead , according to the international organizations , and the displacement of more than two million people . even the united nations talked about 300 thousand people dead , but khartoum denies this .
berlin 8-5-2008 ( afp ) -
belgian justine henin and russian svetlana kuznetsova , seeded first and third consecutive day on thursday , came from the final price for the berlin international tennis tournament whose prizes are estimated at 34 , 1 million dollars .
henin lost to russian dinara safina 7-5 , 3-6 , 1-6 , ten third
before the ukrainian alona bondarenko fifteenth kuznetsova 6-1 , 2-6 , 2-6 .
henin , champion in 2002 , 2003 and 2005 , have suffered a lot in the first group , earning the difficulty of 7-5 , but lost the second set 3-6 before collapsing in the third 1 - 6
consequently , called the price of the final round after two hours and 33 minutes .
it is the first time that will be deposited in henan , one of the professional players association early sessions since its exit from the second round of the american miami in 2006 .
the first session on the dusty playgrounds that participate in henin this season .
it also returned to competition for the first time this season since its departure from the quarterfinals of the miami session at the hands of american serena williams 2-6 , -6 in the first weeks of last april .
not if better than henin , kuznetsova , after he won the first set easily 6-1 , collapsed in the second and third and lost as a result of one 2-6 .
in the next round , safina will meet with american serena williams fifth or polish eleventh atletico madrid ,
tunisia expressed " its great astonishment " of french foreign minister bernard kouchner 's statements on wednesday , which said that french president nicolas sarkozy 's statement " the space of freedoms in tunisia in progress " is " inappropriate " .
the tunisian foreign ministry said in a statement , a copy of which was received by agence france presse that kouchner " has appreciated twice , once on his head , who was waiting for more coordination and then towards a friend of his right to expect more equity in view of the efforts that have been made " .
the source indicated that " the rule of kouchner contradicts official statements to the french president during his visit to tunisia last week " despite the french foreign minister 's attempt to avoid that its provisions will be definite when he admitted that tunisia occupies an advanced position in the field of defending human rights .
the tunisian foreign ministry said " it is enough to mention kouchner , who does not know tunisia well that the french president stressed full clarity that france does not accept the inauguration itself to give lessons in the field of human rights " .
the source pointed out that " tunisia does not claim perfection in this area , " reminding of the statements to the tunisian president zine el abidine ben ali in this regard .
the tunisian president said in an interview with the magazine " jeune afrique azi " french last week " to realize " what has not been done yet in the field of human rights , confirming that it " accepts criticism was welcomed " . ben ali said " in this field as in others are aware that there is much that remains to be done " .
the lebanese army command announced on saturday that it was decided after a disagreement between the government and hezbollah in its custody decisions , keeping the head of the security service has become the airport in his post pending investigations , and studied the issue of private communication network of hezbollah , and demand from all factions to prevent armed manifestations .
in a statement , the army command , which came less than an hour after the end of a letter to prime minister fouad siniora issued during the era of resolutions to the army , that these decisions came " after a reasonable resolutions by the airport security and telecommunication network in the custody of the army , considering that they did not make the government " .
the army command in lebanon decided that it " decided to keep airport security chief brigadier general wafiq shuqair in his post to take the appropriate technical measures after the end of investigations , in order to prevent a repetition of what happened to the airport security and safety " .
the army command also decided to " address the issue of the communications network by the reference in the army does not harm the public interest and the security of the resistance " .
also asked " all parties to restore the situation to what it was before the start of the recent events in the country to prevent armed manifestations and withdraw militants and hand to open the roads " .
" decided to entrust the army units deployed to continue to take measures in the field of maintaining security and spreading state authority and arrest the violators " .
the lebanese government decided last tuesday to depose brigadier shuqair from his position as head of the airport security service after it considered that it lagged in dealing with the issue of a camera accused hezbollah of being set up near the airport to monitor the arriving and departing .
the sudanese security forces on monday arrested islamist opposition leader hassan al-turabi and at least four of his party 's leaders as they are still chasing the darfur rebels who threatened to launch a new attack on the sudanese capital , which witnessed sporadic gunfire .
two days after an unprecedented attack on the city of omdurman , neighboring khartoum launched by the rebels of the justice and equality movement , the strongest group among the rebel movements in darfur ( west of sudan ) , where civil war has raged since 2003 , eyewitnesses reported that they heard the sound of bullets near the united states embassy in khartoum , where the curfew was lifted .
israa mohammed al-bashir said in a telephone call to afp in khartoum that " the security forces came to our house this morning and arrested my husband bashir ( adam rahma ) " .
" we knew that they were also detained hassan al-turabi and at least three senior members of the popular conference party " .
" may be arrested others " and confirmed that " the security forces did not give any justification for the arrests , but some accuse them of being involved in what happened in khartoum " .
detained turabi , leader of the popular conference party repeatedly in recent years and was released for the last time in june 2005 after 15 months in prison , accused of plotting a coup attempt .
already denied turabi , who was the regime of president omar al-bashir and his arch foe , has any connection with the justice and equality movement , but he admitted that he has some influence on it .
the us navy 's decision to move its fourth fleet , after sixty years of suspension , with the aim of raising led forces increasing freedom in south america , concern in the region so that some of them saw a return to " diplomatic force " .
cuban leader fidel castro has raised the issue in an article published last week by the newspaper granma , " spokeswoman for the cuban regime , accusing the united states of trying to " spread terror and death in latin america " .
he wrote the cuban leader ( 81 years old ) who withdrew from power last february that " aircraft carriers and atomic bombs that threaten our countries aimed at spreading terror and death , not to combat terrorism and illegal activities " .
fidel castro added that " there is no need to prove ... the objectives of intervention " behind the restructuring of the fourth fleet , which was declared by washington on april 24 .
he said that the aim of the us initiative " to send a message to venezuela , " cuba and ally in the region . bolivian president evo morales said " the fourth fleet intervention " in an interview with cuban television .
but the us navy stresses that the restructuring of the fleet is a mere administrative procedure does not specify any target naval permanently to the us forces in south america .
the navy confirmed that warships and submarines will be placed under the command of the us fourth fleet when moving in the region starting from the first of july , unlike the other five fleets that each admiral leads to three stars will lead this fleet admiral with only two .
a group called " friends of lebanon " on monday evening in a statement issued at the united nations , to an immediate halt to the fighting in lebanon and to hold presidential elections without preconditions .
the statement added " we call for an immediate halt to the fighting and the withdrawal of fighters from the streets and opening the roads and the reopening of beirut international airport " .
the group also called for " the immediate election of president without preconditions and the formation of a national unity government and to hold general elections under the election law , which was approved by all parties , according to the arab league plan " .
the group expressed " its " deep concern for the situation in lebanon , which " threatens the stability of the country and the region " , confirming " its strong support for lebanese constitutional institutions , especially the government and the armed forces " .
the group again " reaffirmed its strong support for lebanon 's sovereignty and political independence and stability and unity " .
the group of " friends of lebanon " includes 12 countries are germany , saudi arabia and the united arab emirates , egypt and spain , the united states , france , britain , italy , jordan , kuwait , qatar , in addition to the secretaries-general of the league of arab states and the united nations and the council of the european union .
the group said that it issued this statement at the end of a telephone conference on monday between the foreign ministers and representatives of each of its members , who participated in the minister from the lebanese government .
the statement did not reveal the identity of the minister . on the other hand , the security council discussed the situation in lebanon during the informal discussions , as diplomats said .
the united states ambassador zalmay khalilzad expressed his hope that the council will hold a formal meeting on lebanon as soon as possible .
beirut , 15 -5-2008 ( afp ) - the lebanese government agreed on wednesday night to abolish the resolutions relating to the shiite hezbollah communications network and sacked the head of security at the airport , brigadier general wafiq shuqair , who is close to the party at the suggestion of army commander general michel suleiman .
these resolutions were behind the violent clashes that took place in beirut and a number of lebanese regions during the last week between supporters of the opposition and the parliamentary majority after the secretary-general of hezbollah hassan nasrallah as " a declaration of war against the resistance , " he said .
the minister of information ghazi al-aridi read a formal statement at the end of an emergency cabinet session in which he declared " the government 's approval of the proposal , the commander of the army , described in his book directed to the national defense minister ( elias murr ) and containing the resolutions " mentioned , pointing out that they " did not yet accompanied by force and did not appear in a decree " .
as the government reiterated " its rejection of the use of armed violence outside the framework of constitutional legitimacy " .
it clarified that this decision was made " for the sake of the national interest and the safety of citizens and to facilitate the mission of the delegation of the arab ministerial committee and to pave the way for the implementation of the provisions of the arab solution " , according to the official statement of the cabinet .
in the first comment on hezbollah on the government 's step , considered the mouthpiece of the shiite organization 's al-manar television station that the retreat came " after the government introduced the country into an uncalculated confrontation " .
she said in the introduction published by news overnight that the government " opened the door for a return to the previous stage through dialogue set the agenda of president ( nabih ) berri ( , head of the house of representatives and one of the opposition leaders ) , and the work of the committee ( arabic ) to determine the mechanism " .
an iraqi security spokesman declared that the iraqi forces started to carry out the operation of " umm al-rabiayn , " security on wednesday to pursue al-qaeda network in nineveh province and its biggest city of mosul in the north of the country .
major general abdul karim khalaf , spokesman for the interior ministry said that " a second operation began in the afternoon in the name of umm al-rabiayn , against those who committed the crimes against the security forces and civilians in mosul ( 370 kilometers north of baghdad ) " .
" the end of the lion 's roar process that was started on the tenth of this month to hunt al qaeda elements and outlaws in mosul " .
he said that " this operation will work to provide services and promote national reconciliation and reconstruction in mosul with the participation of troops from the army , police and logistical assistance provided by the us army " .
" it is a purely iraqi process ... and part of the pursuit of terrorism , crime and said the cries of the people to the government " .
khalaf stressed that " the roar al-assad resulted in the detention of 560 people , including a wanted suspect and the investigation is underway with them ... the operation does not target only wanted " .
prime minister nouri al-maliki arrived in mosul today to supervise the process . iraqi security sources announced saturday the start of the process , " and the roar of the lion " to chase elements " terrorist " in the city , which is now the most dangerous city in the country .
the us command in mosul describes as a conflict against al qaeda .
the city , which is now one of the most dangerous cities in the country witnessed many attacks and huge explosions .
czech coach karel bruckner on wednesday announced the initial formation that will run for the finals of the european cup football scheduled from 7 to 29 june in austria , switzerland and will be absent from tomas rosicky and pavel nedved .
bruckner said in a press conference today that nedved italian juventus player will not go back on his retirement decision internationally .
at the same time , rosicky arsenal player will play the finals due to injury .
bruckner , who will leave the team after the finals , confirmed that his initial formation , consisting of 23 players and the official number , may witness some amendments , giving hope in particular to radek searll zenit st. petersburg russian defender who plays with his team today in the final match of the uefa cup before the scottish rangers .
the czech national team camp in austria from 20 to 26 this month , is absent from his bodyguard مركي english chelsea liters check for his participation with his team in the final match of the european champions league next wednesday in moscow in front of manchester united .
will play the czech team before his lithuanian counterpart and scotland on 27 and 30 may the current two friendly matches before moving to his camp closed in سيفيلد ( austria ) in the second of june in preparation for the start of his campaign in the first round of the first group to host switzerland in the opening day in mind .
then portugal on june 11 in geneva and turkey after 4 days in geneva also faces .
among all africa 's problems and challenges , the persistence of poverty tops the list without rival .
where is the african continent , the poorest and most marginal in the global trading system .
in fact , that poverty increases the possibility of conflict , and the fragility of the continent and its weakness in the face of terrorism , illegal migration pressure , and the spread of diseases .
moreover , it is a drain on the world 's aid .
thus , humanitarian problems back to the forefront and impose itself during the u.s. policy towards africa .
therefore , it is not possible to deal with the problems of africa from the standpoint of pity and charity , as they cannot be solved by means of relief and aid allocated to emergency after the end of conflicts .
the increasing importance of africa requires a long-term and more focused and guidance program of economic aid and trade reform .
this came in an article by برنيستون lehman , former us ambassador in nigeria , south africa and patricia three-member u.n. council on foreign relations the us los angeles times newspaper .
which indicates the increasing importance of africa in recent years for the united states of america is not only , the continent has become an arena for a strong and fierce international competition for natural resources , which is replete with them .
where racing many countries such as china , india , south korea , brazil and other countries in order to obtain the african oil and minerals and natural resources .
africa still has the largest number of least developed countries in the world , and continue to suffer from armed conflicts and inhuman conditions of refugees and displaced persons .
president hosni mubarak in the labor day speech did not carry the news of the biggest increase in wages in egypt only history . but we also carry meanings and indications of some tried to deny it for long years .
it has put the president in his speech of the state and society in a real test to confront the global crisis reached its effects on our domestic reality .
the decision was an expression of his perceived vision of the size of suffering the least income classes in society .
the challenge faced by the government is plotting the amounts necessary to finance this increase in wages without the egyptian economy to bear the consequences of hindering growth and limit its launch , which started a few years ago .
the community faced other challenges this week in light of those increases that reached wages and some goods and services and also fees .
the truth is that egypt had passed this test with all its categories concerned with the concerns and interests of the citizens .
we have put president mubarak 's speech in labor day basic features of the egyptian move in the face of the global food crisis , and the axis of solidarity and cooperation to ease the suffering of other people .
the government 's move to procure the required finance in harmony with those meanings that were put forward by president through measures can bear some of the burden .
he did not raise these measures discontent or anger among those who have endured increases brought by new tariffs on some goods and services , but some of them were willing to more burdens .
in order to ease the burden on the territory of greater cairo , after he arrived in 25 % of egypt 's population census came the decision to create new provinces , which was not in a hurry and it was preceded by extensive studies participated in many circles inside and outside egypt .
dr. hazem القويضي , the new governor of helwan , one of the main participants in the study of the new amendments to the borders of the governorates by virtue of his former job as head of the urban planning - confirmed that the great urban crawl greater cairo is to impose the new amendment , explaining that no problems will be exposed to the citizen of this amendment , and with dialogue :
* have there been studies and planning before the amendment to the administrative borders of some governorates , which resulted in the creation of the 6 of october and helwan ? *
* thinking of establishing two new governorates did not come suddenly or a coincidence , but was preceded by intensive work and long - participated in the mainly former practical rule as head of the urban planning authority - started after president mubarak 's directives , and dr. ahmed nazif , the prime minister , to find administrative division is different from the existing balanced real happens to cairo and giza governorates .
over this action , which took place in the use of studies and research has been prepared over the past 25 years - to put several alternatives to choose the best among them , it was the decision to create new provinces as the best and the closest to implementation .
washington - news agencies :
a report issued by the us senate warned yesterday that al-qaeda and other extremist groups greatly intensified the use of the internet in recent years to attract and train recruits from all over the world .
the chairman of the homeland security committee , senator joseph lieberman said :
the terrorists who some say that people living in caves developed today from their capabilities in communications to become equal with the most developed members of generations .
the report , which carries the name of violent islamic extremism and the internet and the terrorist threat from within these groups run production and distribution centres digital messages against the united states and send them to thousands of web sites in various parts of the world .
the report confirmed that extremist groups have resorted to the use of the internet for about 10 years , so that today has become a base includes many experts in the use of the internet and send their reports , during which he stressed the necessity that the united states would act quickly to address this critical juncture in the war against terrorism .
the report quoted us secretary of defense robert gates said last november : it is critical that al-qaeda is better than the united states in its message via the internet .
this comes at a time when u.s. prosecutors announced in the 49 state to adopt strict measures to stop using the site facebook as a means of sexual harassment , especially in children .
lebanon was not in need of its arab sisters as his need for them today , needless to say , repeat the fact that lebanon is an arab country , and that the loss of any arab country is to weaken the strength of all arabs .
yesterday lost iraq , before it is lost , palestine , and lebanon , today it is lost , so i wonder paid a push to track remorse ... a loss of lebanon ?
the question is more frankly , and without afp or rotation : for the sake of exactly what he was doing hezbollah in lebanon ?
we will not need a great effort to find the answer : hezbollah is the spearhead of the implementation of iran 's agenda in the region , and not to talk about this new iranian agenda , iran 's ambitions in the arab region is as old as history , not born yesterday or today .
therefore we are here to ask : what is the arguments based on hezbollah to make this uprising machismo attacked this attack on west beirut ? the winner and loser of this attempt , which took place during the last two days ?
the loser certainly is the lebanese citizen simple rockets and cannons and الاربجيهات was forced to leave his home and his work , and flee for his life . so is this jihad ?
they talk in hezbollah wire , and the communications network , which is owned by the party and extend to different areas in beirut .
the problem is that the central government to extend its control over this network ? is n't this the simplest rights of any central government in any country in the world ?
dr. hani hilal , minister of higher education and state for scientific research agreed with mr. jean siegel european commissioner for education , training , culture and ممثلششششي of the european institutions to ensure quality in education to develop procedures to ensure quality and improving curricula and institutions of higher education in egypt and the exchange of experience and discuss the latest developments to improve quality in the european union and enrich the dialogue between academics and experts and students from the eu and the 27 countries participating in the european union - pay program , including egypt .
dr. hilal - after the end of the meetings of the european union and the egyptian universities , which was held in ain shams university , said that the number of projects of the european union programme will include 52 research projects and 12 projects structurally and 173 short grant for travel and develop curricula to cope with the labor market in the sectors of medicine , engineering , political science and veterinary medicine , agriculture and joint scientific degrees and focus on education based on the student , and the development of institutions and training on leadership and confirm the information and transparency and self-evaluation and scientific review processes .
mr. jean , confirmed that the european union programme eagle supports cooperation between institutions of higher education in the union and their counterparts in the countries of the european union , was launched in 1998 , explaining that projects this program allows different mechanisms , including the establishment of the programs and new departments provide access to joint degrees between egypt and various countries of the union , in addition to work on the development of higher education systems and quality , and work to increase employment through education and training systems adapted to meet the needs of the labor market .
hezbollah and amal movement and shiite militia , swept the capital beirut .
the flow of militants movements in west beirut .
and controlled it after limited confrontations with youths belonging to the future movement , led by saad al hariri .
hezbollah and amal movement militants carried out a review of armed action in west beirut .
they were joined by young people belonging to other nearby intellectual and political trends from the hezbollah .
the party and the movement militants and their supporters to burn the old headquarters of the future tv , the oldest newspaper in the future .
the government acted with great wisdom with this position .
where is entrusted to the army to deal with the explosive situation .
future movement leader saad al-hariri took the initiative to put the government 's decision to dismantle the communications network of the party under the control of the lebanese army .
it became clear that the lebanese government sought with all its strength in order to defuse the confrontation , and to avoid the eruption of armed conflict .
on the other hand , hezbollah rallied strongly in the direction of resolving the situation militarily .
where hassan nasrallah said in his speech that will address the party will cut his hand .
the process continued escalation where they raised the demand for the government 's retreat from its decisions taken .
then raised the demand for the resignation of the government .
what happened in lebanon is a coup gunmen from hezbollah and amal movement on the lebanese legitimacy .
the initiative to settle the military political differences .
it seems clear that the party decided to escalate the confrontation for many considerations .
to make lebanon a prisoner of regional and international complex calculations .
he is aware that there is no movement or trend or party in lebanon can face militia hezbollah and amal movement .
dr. jamal al-din , one of the majority leader said that what is going on inside the national democratic party is a genuine exercise of democracy in discussing any subject put on the party .
it is natural that different visions and interpretations vary between members of the party , but in the end , we must abide by the conclusion of the majority opinion , and here is what distinguishes the parties from any other group ( .
this followed in all parts of the world in the east and the west , and it is my duty as a representative of the parliamentary body of the national party to invite all my brothers from the council members who belong to the national party to comply with its resolutions , meetings issued
if so it is natural that i committed the first .
on the issue of indiscriminate price rises of some passenger transport service providers or goods , said dr. jamal al-din , one that we all have to help the government to take tough measures against anyone who tries to exploit all the conditions for lifting the price of service performed by a picture of exploitation and greed .
he added that full confidence in egypt honest and loyal sons of transport vehicles owners and traders to be there is consensus and commitment from all of them to fight any greed or exploitation .
for the owners of heavy energy consumption and factory owners universities and schools should not try to blame what should contribute in easing the burden on the citizens on the price of the services performed or materials that they produce .
the lebanese prime minister fouad siniora said yesterday that hezbollah and its allies have carried out a military coup against the lebanese democracy .
he added in a speech he delivered yesterday to the lebanese people that the lebanese government can no longer accept that hezbollah maintains its weapons after they were directed to the lebanese , demanding the army to assume its responsibilities in a crackdown on militants and get them out of the streets immediately , and to remove the sit-in in central beirut .
siniora also put forward an initiative progress to the solution starts with a controversial decisions which he considered hezbollah affecting security in the era of the army command , and the communications network of the party , and airport security , and removing the head of his security apparatus .
this formula is to elect a consensus president of the republic immediately on the basis that the government will be the first of a national unity government is not the majority in the ability to impose decisions , not to the minority the ability to disrupt .
the law will also be put to vote on the basis that the judiciary is the electoral unit , and to discuss the detailed formula in the house of representatives , and that everyone abides by the charter of honor to calm media .
siniora rejected any thought of his government to resign under the weight of this crisis , even if hezbollah in the tide of violence went beyond that , according to him .
immediately after the end of his speech , siniora , in what was described as a response to the demands of the opposition . the lebanese army command announced keeping wafiq shuqair , head of the airport security system in his post after it became resolutions disagreement between the government and hezbollah in its custody .
farouq al-qaddumi ( abu lutuf ) , head of the political department of the palestinian liberation organization said that the period of the fifties known revolutionary evidence led to arab cohesion and british occupation departure from the middle east region gradually .
he added that the national struggle from yemen to algeria , syria and egypt in this period was adjacent to the arab struggle .
he offered to the palestinian revolution , a lot of support .
he added that the late abu ammar supervised the launch of the first bullet of the palestinian revolution and has been dynamic and tactical terribly and helped him in that he was not married and this is what his movements very pleased ...
he did not forget al-qaddumi to mention that he lived in jaffa with jews .
it is not a racist unlike israel the racist state .
in his response to questions involved in the wake of his controversial testimony in al-tamimi foundation for scientific research and information on the emergence of the fatah movement said that it is one of the american university graduates .
it also does not look at america as a democracy , it is not from america 's enemies .
but for the policies to be taken towards the palestinian cause .
pointing out that clinton presented a good project for peace and that he will soon celebrate the end of the era of president bush ...
al-qaddumi denied that the fatah movement when breakthroughs consisted of the muslim brotherhood .
adding that it collected all marxist intellectual products and brotherhood and liberal .
but he pointed out that abu iyad was from the muslim brotherhood when the establishment of the movement " , " fatah " , " but he left and so did abu jihad and abu maher .
industrial production scored a growth of 9 , 4% during the first three months of the current year compared with the same period of last year , where the production browse index reached 8 points , according to the preliminary results of industrial production indicators issued by the national institute of statistics .
from the standpoint of sectoral analysis laboratory industries , mechanical and electronics sector recorded the highest growth rate of industrial production during the first three months of the year to approximately 3 , 14 % of the total rate of production index 2 ,231 of 2 points against ,202 points during the same period of the previous year .
in this context , it should be noted that the development of the industrial index of mechanics and electronics industry due to the development of exports of this sector during the same period of the year , and in the light of the adoption of export development in calculating industrial index .
in parallel chemistry industry recorded a growth in industrial production during the first quarter of the year by 7 , 10 % to reach 1 points compared with the same period of the previous year , which achieved a rate of industrial production exceeded 101 points .
as well as the food industries sector recorded a growth in industrial production from the beginning of the year until the end of march was 4 , 6% compared with the same period of last year to 8 browse points .
the textile , clothing and leather industry has reached its industrial production growth rate during the first three months of 4 , 2% to reach the rate of production index browse 1 points .
in the light of armed confrontations and dangerous security tension in lebanon ... and stumbling negotiations between the palestinian and israeli sides and continuous military escalation of the occupation forces in gaza strip , and the prosecution of the israeli prime minister on corruption charges . the us president 's visit to the region comes to attend the celebrations of the rape of palestine , and the declaration of the establishment of the state of israel .
before some months after the end of his second and last term president bush still believes in the possibility of achieving a peaceful and lasting solution between the palestinians and the israelis , and this is one of the tasks proposed for discussion during this visit to the region .
with the countdown to the end of his term , the big doubts hovering over the feasibility of this visit and the opportunities available to achieve a genuine and viable peace agreement between the two sides , israeli and palestinian nation .
the american policy is completely biased to israel proved its failure in moving the peaceful negotiating track , but also contributed to the deepening tension in the region , starting with the events in iraq through the lebanese crisis sharp and leading to the fatal economic blockade of gaza residents .
which caused heavy damage to the image of the united states of america to the world public opinion and proved the failure of american foreign policy .
the big disappointment expressed by the palestinian side on more than one occasion toward the american policy of double standards reflect the palestinian attitude towards this visit that does not rely on a lot , but say it does not go beyond the framework of the protocol to congratulate israel sixty years in the heart of the arab nation .
it is therefore an insult added to the catastrophe and congratulations on the rape of a homeland and displaced people .
the security and political crisis between the government and the sadr movement returned to the house of representatives again , through the adoption of an initiative by the president of the republic , jalal talabani , amid a divergence in the positions of the two sides .
as the government insists on implementing measures to extend the law in shiite areas , and al-sadr trend sticks to his opposition stances to disarm and submit to the authority of the government .
in addition , the " accord " awaits a decisive meeting between prime minister nouri al-maliki and vice president tariq al-hashimi to discuss the return of its ministers to the government .
while " the islamic party " attacked the national dialogue council ( , one of the components of the " accord " ) , and considered his recent positions aimed at weakening the ltte .
the security and defense committee in the house of representatives yesterday discussed a draft talabani to resolve the escalating crisis between al-sadr and the government , which focused on five axes .
the most prominent of which is " commitment to the statement issued by the political council for national security last month , and put an end to armed appearances in baghdad and the restive provinces during a limited period of time " .
mp abbas al-bayati told " al-hayah " that " the committee discussed the draft talabani and made some amendments to it " , explaining that " the project will be referred to the presidency of the parliament to vote on it and make it legally binding " .
he stressed that all parliamentary blocs " supported the project , with the exception of the sadrist bloc " .
the last period witnessed intensive efforts to solve the crisis peacefully , through the mediation of iran , but they all failed .
al-sadr refused to disarm " the mahdi army " to return the case to the house of representatives .
the leader of the sadrist bloc , falah shanshal , accused the government of hindering efforts to end the crisis peacefully .
he told al-hayat that " the government is not serious in resolving the crisis and trying to ignore the parliamentary initiatives " , explaining that " political parties ( which he did not name ) , to find a peaceful solution , " not pay .
anger and resentment prevailed in the egyptian popular circles in the wake of the approval of the people 's assembly , the day before yesterday , sharp increases in the prices of fuel and cigarettes and car licensing fees proposed by the ruling national democratic party .
gasoline and diesel fuel stations in cairo and different regions yesterday , for the second day witnessed severe confusion .
car owners said that they were already suffering from a crisis since news spread to increase gasoline and diesel prices on monday , while taxi drivers in several governorates announced their sit-in inside the situation and their strike action until the taxi charges due to the rise in oil prices lifted the used fuel for their cars .
also noted complaints from passengers who slept on the ground positions to express their refusal to disrupt their interests .
the heavy presence of security men in petrol stations and inside the situation in an attempt to prevent any clashes or problems .
what threatens to renew the bread crisis , subsidized bakery owners from the government threatened to stop work in protest against increasing prices of gas from 75 piasters to 110 piasters , and an increase of about 40 percent from the previous price .
he visited a number of bakery owners managers ration areas in their governorates to deliver their protest letter ,
al-hayat learnt that the minister of social solidarity , dr. ali al-muslihi will hold a meeting within hours with his senior aides to discuss the issue of bakeries .
opposition deputies in the people 's assembly , said that the poor will bear the burdens of the increase in the prices of fuel and cigarettes and cars , licensing fees and warned of the possibility of social unrest .
the opposition movement for democratic change party in zimbabwe , four weeks after the parliamentary elections , confirmed that the opposition won a victory , " historically , " president robert mugabe 's party , which did not change the new partial counting process of votes , which included 23 constituencies , succeed him in the number of parliamentary seats , as announced by the election committee refused to specify the date of the announcement of the results of the presidential vote .
the zimbabwe african national union - patriotic front party ruling recovered only five seats in the new count .
but the opposition excelled in 18 constituencies , will not be allowed to change the final results published at the beginning of this month , and the victory of " the movement for change , " with 109 seats in the parliament , against 97 seats for the ruling party .
it is expected that this will lead to escalating crisis not to announce the results of the presidential elections , which the opposition leader morgan tsvangirai confirmed his victory over mugabe , who has ruled the country since 1987 .
there is renewed tension in zimbabwe after police arrested more than 200 exhibitions , after attacking the headquarters of " the movement for change " in harare , the day before yesterday , reinforces fears of bloodshed in a country suffering an economic collapse .
authorities confirmed that they would interrogate detainees " suspected of being involved in terrorist activities " , while the opposition described as " systematic harassment " , and talked about more than 15 people were killed in a " massacre " committed by the government of mugabe against civilians , " because the smell of gunpowder damaged villages , and people are falling like flies and buried in the villages , " he said .
saudi arabia appealed to all " the brothers in lebanon in all their political trends , to listen to the voice of wisdom and the language of reason and put the interests of lebanon above any consideration " .
in a statement published yesterday by the " saudi news agency " in beirut : " the kingdom is following with deep concern and resentment the unfortunate escalation which the lebanese arena is witnessing these days . calling the movements that work on the escalation to reconsider its accounts , and to realize that drag lebanon into a blind sedition will not bring victory to any party except extremist external forces , which carried out and are still hindering every sincere effort and sharif to end the political crisis in lebanon and to achieve reconciliation between his sons , also delayed and hindered the arab league initiative in this regard " .
the kingdom said in a statement " that it will continue , with all its capabilities , in working for the return of security and safety and unity of lebanon , and will spare no effort to help him and stand with him in defending its legitimacy and independence of his political decision and its national unity " .
for its part , the general secretariat of the cooperation council for the gulf arab states , " all lebanese forces appealed to the lebanese national interest precedence over any other considerations , and make sincere efforts to get out of this emergency crisis , in order to reach a common ground leading to achieve accord on all the issues that are the source of varied and occupy the lebanese street " .
the council 's secretary-general abdul rahman al-attiyah said in a statement distributed yesterday , expressed his concern over the developments of the unfortunate events in lebanon .
lebanon began sliding into the unknown , with the escalation of fighting and expansion in the streets of beirut , who took tight blockade on it , coinciding with cutting the supporters of " the future movement " international roads in the bekaa region , which links with damascus , on the coast , which connects the southern suburb in the south , in protest against the dismemberment of the capital and disrupted air traffic in rafik hariri airport .
while no communication between the majority and the opposition , and open to bring the crisis to an impasse ... with no one can predict what will happen to the situation in the country , in the light of the fall of the red lines in all directions .
expanded the clashes in the streets of beirut yesterday afternoon , after a press conference by the secretary general of hezbollah , " mr. hassan nasrallah demanded to put an end to the current situation , the government 's return from its resolutions which constitute " a war on us , we will defend ourselves . "
a response to the head of the " future , " mp saad al-hariri , suggesting a solution 3 items : the decisions of the government in the hands of the army , and the election of general michel suleiman as president immediately , and his commander holding the national dialogue table in his presidency .
the clashes included districts in the heart of the city like saqiyat al-janzir , al-zaidania , dar al-fatwa surroundings , the area of كركول druze - al-dhanawi , and recorded the hunt operations on the corniche .
the fighting appeared to be the most intense in ras al-nabaa , where militants hizballah and the amal movement carried out an attack on the offices of the " association for social development " affiliated to " future movement " in the street , mohammed al-hout and occupied the main center of the assembly .
the army managed to get 43 young men from the trend of " the future , " were in a safe place .
the " justice and equality movement " attacked , yesterday , different regions in north kordofan state before the address by the army in the provinces of sheikh jaber and sudri , at a time when a wide spread rumors about the direction of darfur rebels on board hundreds of vehicles in the direction of khartoum where noted widespread security forces around the main crossings and sensitive installations .
he said the governor of north kordofan state faisal hassan ibrahim told al-hayat that the situation returned to normal in the areas attacked by the " justice and equality movement " , explaining that the operation took place a full review of the movement of trucks in the state .
the governor of sodere , yusuf said that the government forces repulsed a rebel attack on aviation yesterday morning in a desert area east of sodere .
battles in northern kordofan came at a time when the sudanese authorities deployed armored vehicles and tightened security measures in khartoum , and carried out inspection campaigns like after hours of the army at dawn yesterday accused darfur rebels of preparing to sneak into the capital and some cities to carry out acts of sabotage , confirming that groups of them entered the country across the borders with chad to carry out this plan .
since thursday afternoon , rumors spread on a wide scale that darfur rebels moved on board hundreds of cars on their way to khartoum and is expected to arrive within hours .
these rumors unusual military movements in the capital , which has been the spread of military patrols and armored vehicles in front of the entrances of khartoum three cities , and bridges that link , and inspected vehicles crossing the bridge at night .
the russian legislative body supported by an overwhelming majority of former president vladimir putin 's candidacy for the premiership .
the latter pledged to put the fight against poverty and improve living and economic conditions and continue to strengthen russia 's military capabilities , at the top of his government 's priorities .
meanwhile , the new russian president dmitry medvedev began his reign yesterday , to deliver " a message of friendship " to israel , while washington declared that the russian authorities expelled two us military attaches in moscow , inspired by the escalation of the conflict between the two sides .
after 24 hours on assuming his tasks officially , medvedev , accompanied by his predecessor , appeared in the duma ( parliament ) where he addressed lawmakers , calling for support for putin 's nomination to head the government , " because that would guarantee the continuation of russia 's current approach , and will continue to work for the revival of the country " .
he said : " we know the size of the work carried out by vladimir putin to strengthen russia , strengthening its security " .
it seemed that the legislative body did not need words of encouragement from the new president in order to support putin , who leads the party , " unified russia " dominated two thirds of parliamentary seats , as supported by the two parties , " liberal democratic " and " fair " russia , the communists in the opposition .
the voting results confirmed the size of support for putin , as his confidence granted 392 deputies out of 450 members of parliament , and only the communist bloc ( 56 deputies ) to oppose his nomination , in the first clear count of the balance of power within the legislative body that will support all the policies of the new prime minister and his plans without reservation .
the iraqi government declared the start of the campaign , " the roar of the lion in charge of the " military in the governorate of mosul against al-qaeda after hours of the announcement of the calm agreement with moqtada al sadr 's movement in baghdad to end armed appearances and iraqi forces exclusive right to conduct raids and arrest wanted judicial orders without mentioning the issue of dissolving " the mahdi army , " affiliated to the movement .
official sources said that prime minister nouri al-maliki yesterday moved to mosul , accompanied by vice president tariq al-hashimi , defense and interior minister jawad al-bolani and abdul qadir jassim al-obaidi , to start a wide military operation long-awaited to hunt down militants , al-qaeda .
the governorate of ninawa operations commander general riyad jalal tawfiq declared the start of the military operation in the province to hunt down al-qaeda after the arrival of a large military forces from baghdad to ninawa .
according to military sources told al-hayat that " the military campaign started practically declared a curfew in a number of districts of mosul and the closure of some roads leading to pave the way for the implementation of a campaign of attacks and detentions include all areas of the city , " which officials confirm that it includes the main " al qaeda " leaders .
expected to continue the campaign for a long time until it achieves its goals .
mosul governor duraid kashmoula told " al-hayah " yesterday that the tribal elders said the government of arming them to participate in the process and to defend their areas , describing the mosul demanded that it " became under the control of al-qaeda leaders as a result of the delay in the military operation in the city "
now the fate of lebanon , commenting on the waiting list in the light of the worsening political crisis that started to take dangerous dimensions , the absence of serious communication between the majority and the opposition to find a solution and restore matters to their natural right .
warns against " military control of the opposition to beirut " as a result of strong opposition in its streets , extends its move to other places in the mountain , especially in the chouf district , without reducing fears about the security situation in tripoli , in the event of late lebanese parties in creating favourable political climate which would open a hole in the wall of thick crisis , leading to crystallize ideas push in the direction of the foundation of the settlement is still elusive .
it was yesterday evening , information about the clashes between hizballah and the progressive socialist party in the area of ras al-jabal in aley , which resulted in deaths and injuries .
at night , it was reported that a man and his wife were killed by stray bullets in front of al-za'atari mosque in sidon , as their son was injured and is in critical condition .
the security situation in all its repercussions remained dominant in beirut , despite the decline of the wave of violence and the retreat of the incidents .
he did not remain only shooting sporadically in a number of the streets of the capital after units of the lebanese army was able to establish a security cordon around the government palace and the home of the late president rafik al-hariri in quraytam , where his son , head of the " future " parliamentary saad al hariri and the house of the head of the " democratic parliamentary gathering " walid jumblatt in clemenceau , who did not leave it to selected .
the report is expected to announce the international union for communications in the opening of the conference and exhibition , " africa telecom 2008 " communications and information technology today that the growth of the mobile communications sector in africa was contrary to all expectations ,
the continent remains the region that enjoys the highest annual growth rate in the number of subscribers to mobile phones .
added to them at least 65 million new subscribers during 2007 .
the report , which al-hayat obtained a copy of a comprehensive review of the main developments in the gaza strip .
it also includes a number of recommendations aimed at supporting access to information and communication technology in the region .
he clarified that the rate of penetration of broadband ( high-speed internet ) is low across the dark continent , where the participants in the broadband firm in africa in 2007 , nearly two million subscribers , and the number was less than a quarter of the population of the city of lagos , former capital of nigeria .
he pointed out that five african countries only gained 2007 , access to broadband at a rate of more than one for every one hundred of the population , in comparison with this rate , the average broadband penetration in the countries of the organization for cooperation and development ( oecd was 18.8 percent in june 2007 .
he pointed out that mexico occupied the lowest penetration rate of 4.6 percent , a rate higher than the average rate in africa about 38 times .
almost access to broadband would be confined to urban areas .
the low level of the availability of broadband , and weak markets public switched telephone networks and the lack of competition , among the reasons that hinder access to fixed broadband deployment .
israel preceded the arrival of egyptian intelligence chief general omar suleiman today to discuss the egyptian proposal for calm in the gaza strip , hamas threatened that it will be imposed by force , calm in the gaza strip if it did not impose the movement itself , indicating that it sees in the latter , " which is responsible for everything that is happening in the gaza strip " .
at the same time , the security authorities continued their reservations on the egyptian proposal .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said in an interview with the weekly media , at the beginning of his government 's weekly meeting yesterday , that " the government of israel sees in hamas the party responsible for everything that is happening from terrorist activity in the strip " .
he added , commenting on the killing of an israeli in the settlement of " kfar azza , " adjacent to the strip last friday due to the fall of a mortar shell , that israel does not intend to check the identity of the organizations that missile launches .
" the force , which controls the strip , hamas , which is responsible for what is going on , and will demand to bear results and full responsibility for this activity " .
he added that israel does not intend to accept the situation , threatening that " there is one of two options : either to calm or that the israeli government will take the necessary steps to ensure calm " .
he pointed out that such a mission will not be achieved in a day or during the week , " we did not commit ourselves once and we ca n't promise that , but i ca n't abide that calm prevails , or to move the state of israel strongly ultimately achieve calm " .
whenever the time limitation on the hall unsafe us mortgage crisis .
increasing the volume of direct and indirect losses , in financial institutions and the banking sector , and has made statements about the hidden financial disasters .
if countries doubted the international monetary fund estimate the size of losses , including nearly trillion dollars , the reality shows , day after day , that the actual losses may surpass this figure .
but in addition to these losses , there is a need for troubled institutions to rescuers partners , not only have very rich or have the availability of sovereign funds supervised by the governments which it was established .
but sovereign funds owned assets in institutions belonging to the united states and the european union countries , raised wide criticisms from political and economic observers officials , fearing that the background of these funds , affect the national security of the country , or threaten the identity of the production of the issue of ownership or participating institutions .
the temptation to troubled institutions and wide international investment , both to sovereign funds or to provide regular investment funds or hedge .
they cut the value of its shares put up for sale , and often to levels almost small percentages of their real value or healthy in the market .
the reduction comes as a result of the loss of investors away from the continuation of their investments , as the decision to give to new investors with the aim of ownership to increase the capital of the institution .
yesterday the fifth round of fighting broke out between government forces and rebels from abdul malik al-houthi 's supporters in sada governorate ( northwest of yemen )
violent clashes erupted between the two sides on more than one axis and spread to the short sufyan area belonging to neighboring amran province .
at the same time , a yemeni court specialized in terrorism cases to execute four " huthists " on the charge of killing two soldiers .
qatari mediation delegation gets ready to pack his bags and leave yemen after the failure of mediation between the authority and houthi followers .
al-hayat learnt from identical sources that the delegation informed the two sides that he arrived again to an impasse , after they received from the representatives of al-houthi in the presidential committee a list of the names of locations where there are government forces , demanding to evacuate them .
this is what the government side categorically rejected .
it was a warning that the leadership of the state to " the houthis " to stop attacking army positions and complete the implementation of the doha agreement ended yesterday .
while " the houthis said " they are waging war in self - defense .
participate in fighting for the first time since the outbreak of the conflict four years ago , units of the republican guard forces led by brigadier general ahmad son of the yemeni president ali abdullah saleh .
the sources said violent clashes took place near the area overnight , and the rebels seized an important military positions with their equipment .
she said that a helicopter belonging to the army offensive helicopters bombed strongholds " huthists " in rainy and azzan mountain and al-naqaa .
where they used heavy weapons such as mortars and medium machine guns and anti - shield missiles .
she referred to the transfer of dozens of injured from the governmental forces to sanaa and al-hadida hospitals .
figures and jordanian parties expressed solidarity with hizballah , through a joint letter sent to the secretary general of the party , mr. hassan nasrallah , and former president emile lahoud and the leader of " the free patriotic movement " mp michel aoun .
the muslim brotherhood group announced its support for " hezbollah " , but they refused , " the control of any party on lebanon " .
signatories to the letter and considered the number of 63 personalities from the prime minister and former deputies , unionists and party leaders and writers , journalists and women 's groups , that the resistance in lebanon , " a historic role to be a base and the leader of one of the resistance in the arab world " .
the signatories to the letter said : " the arab hopes and unity now adopted by resisting the occupation in lebanon , palestine and iraq and all arab land " .
they added : " the fate of the arab nation and its future all decided now in the battles of confrontation between the forces of resistance and the occupation forces " .
" refused to classify the ongoing battle in lebanon according to the foundations of religious or sectarian or regional , because it is in fact on how to form the arab world and the arab nation .
it is in accordance with the will and interests of the arab nation , or according to the will and the interests of the enemies of the arab nation " ?
and confirmed in the letter that " armed resistance is a strategic weapon , but the whole arab nation in the face of piracy and the american zionist bullying against the arab nation " .
solidarity to mr. nasrallah , the title of " the leader , who was chosen by the arab people as a leader of resistance " .
he died in kuwait yesterday evening , sheikh saad al-abdullah al-sabah , 78 , who had served as amara for a few days in january 2006 , before the national assembly ( parliament ) decided to exempt him from this position , taking into account of his health condition .
the council after it voted unanimously to assume the current prince sheikh sabah al-ahmad position , while sheikh saad officially gained as the " prince 's father " .
it came in an official statement yesterday that sheikh saad 's funeral will take place in the ninth and half of the morning .
the news of his death was announced 72 hours before the general elections in kuwait , but is unlikely to lead mourning for sheikh saad to postpone the date .
sheikh saad is the eldest son of former emir of kuwait , sheikh abdullah al-salem ( 1950 - 1965 ) author of the constitution and the founder of modern kuwait .
the interior and defense ministries took between 1965 and 1978 , and then became a crown prince and chairman of the council of ministers until the year 2006 .
during his leadership of the government of kuwait has witnessed momentous events was one of the most prominent iraqi invasion in 1990 , and who moved during sheikh saad to taif in saudi arabia and turned his government from there .
the kuwaitis in sheikh saad praises his solid positions during this ordeal .
in 1997 , sheikh saad was bleeding in his colon was taken abroad for treatment .
this disease the consequences of his absence from kuwait for long periods and authorization required a lot of powers to his deputy sheikh sabah al-ahmad , who was the actual president of the government until the beginning of 2006 when the former emir sheikh jaber al-ahmad died .
the head of the " future " parliamentary saad hariri said that the lebanese regions witnessed in recent days is " a regional decision in order to deliver the decision of lebanon to syria and iran " , confirming that " this is the seventh impossible " .
he said : " we will not get saad al-hariri and walid jumblatt signed the instrument of surrender to the syrian and iranian regimes " , on the condition that " the first item on the table of dialogue is the security of beirut and other areas that were exposed to the attack " .
hariri attacked in a press conference held in quraytam yesterday , " hezbollah " , considering that his weapon , " deviated from his destination " .
he called for " putting the sedition that took place that each side can present somewhere concessions , and give up some victories " .
hariri started his speech , welcome to " the home of the martyr president rafiq al-hariri , who was exposed to assassination again .
rafik al-hariri 's institutions that were exposed to abuse and vandalism , arson and arrest . a .
health centers , which carries the name of rafik al-hariri .
educational centers , which raises the name of rafik al-hariri .
clinics , cultural and social clubs , and the future newspaper , radio and television and archives , and everything that has nothing to do with the spirit of rafiq al-hariri .
welcome to beirut .
beirut wronged .
beirut patient , we all love .
beirut , all our dignity .
beirut , all of our history .
beirut , our future .
beirut lebanon 's spirit and the spirit of freedom that was exposed to armed invasion .
who ?
relatives , no , by god .
welcome to you from beirut , from the districts where the trapped .
the streets that swept the chaos .
buildings burned .
houses surrounded by sadness for the martyrs and الضحاي .
stuck in hotels and airports , behind television and in internet window boxes , waiting for news about a breakthrough , or a safe crossing them back to lebanon .
if the lebanese visitors in qatar and if the lebanese youth was famous for his attempt to leave the country in search of jobs and a better life abroad .
the recent clashes in beirut and other areas reflected another reality , is desperate to return , despite everything that is happening .
full hotels in doha , " forced immigration " , some of them in transit from asian countries , and some of them and the other to the qatari capital in mission work .
bags are ready and frequent visits to the airport , back and forth , on a plane taking off suddenly .
alaa borgel and nizar altitude and ibrahim برشلي , three lebanese traders returned from a short visit to china ... preferred to divert their flights to beirut via damascus airport , after their stay in كوانغزو exceeded the time limit .
they headed to the airport three times , even available to them a trip to syria .
borgel started more than his colleagues accustomed to this experience .
the businessman has witnessed four similar crises . the first was in 1996 , the date of the operation grapes of wrath , and suspended while in hong kong .
the second time was 2000 , when the airport closed and remained a prisoner waiting in dubai , to be repeated in montreal in 2006 with the july war .
his experience in this field has been started with the israeli invasion of beirut in 1982 , while via syria to detain hirmil .
the egyptian authorities closed yesterday rafah border crossing after three days of operation temporarily . at the same time , palestinian sources revealed that it is expected to reopen the crossing on sunday or next monday .
through about 1433 people crossing during the last three days of the stranded , and coordination between the egyptian authorities and the palestinian side , including 938 people who came from the gaza strip from the patients and the stranded , and those with residency abroad and humanitarian cases , and 495 people went to the gaza strip stranded on the egyptian side .
egyptian sources said that it is expected to reopen the rafah crossing in parallel with palestinian crossing early next week to complete the crossing the rest stranded on both sides , but it did not specify today . however , palestinian sources confirmed that the crossing would be opened next sunday or monday .
deputy head of the political bureau of hamas , mousa abu marzouk , in a statement to al-hayat , he drew attention to the importance of opening the rafah crossing , explaining that the acceptance of the truce is mainly in order to operate the crossing for lifting the suffering of the people of gaza strip and ease , and stressed that there is no meaning to calm ever if not matched by directly operating rafah crossing .
the egyptian authorities opened the crossing last saturday and through hundreds of sick and wounded palestinians into egypt for treatment , and returned the egyptians stranded in the gaza strip since last january .
the egyptian authorities alone without the presence of european observers or the presidential guard , on the issue of the crossing , but it was coordinated with the palestinian authority before making the decision , which came as a result of egyptian contacts with hamas .
saudi arabia , kuwait , the united arab emirates began evacuating its citizens from lebanon , as well as the european countries have done , while other countries advised its citizens not to travel to lebanon .
the newspaper al-sharq al-awsat , saudi arabia , the saudi ambassador in beirut abdul aziz khoja reported that " the saudi embassy yesterday ( thursday ) managed to evacuate more than 70 saudis have been securing their arrival in the syrian territories by land . "
he said that the embassy continues to evacuate more nationals , he said : " we will work today ( yesterday ) also to evacuate more saudis who are in the lebanese lands " .
he added that he is in contact with the iranian ambassador in lebanon and said " the last contact held with the iranian ambassador was a little while ago and we do everything we can to calm the situation here " .
in kuwait , the emir of kuwait , sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-sabah issued instructions to allocate an aircraft to transport his country 's citizens residing in lebanon , via damascus international airport due to the closure of beirut international airport after the deterioration of security situations in the lebanese capital .
jordanian newspapers said that the foreign ministry set up an emergency plan to evacuate jordanian citizens from lebanon and most of them are students studying in universities , and that the jordanian embassy in beirut called on all jordanians in lebanon to stabilize their addresses .
it quoted sources in the foreign ministry that the transfer of jordanian citizens from lebanon to jordan will be through the syrian lands through the bus was transporting them by air , as the royal jordanian cancelled its flights to the lebanese capital as a result cut roads leading to the airport .
calm and communication efforts led by yesterday , the army intelligence branch culminated in the bekaa and spiritual and party activists in the middle bekaa , zahlah and al-biqa mufti shaykh khalil al-mays held a meeting with a number of middle bekaa municipalities in the bekaa , azhar resulted in the opening of all roads in the middle bekaa and the withdrawal of youth groups that were overseeing their parts and put them under the supervision of the army , with the exception of the factory border point , which is still underway to open contacts .
he also put the " future trend " in the middle bekaa , located in the mediterranean sea and bank protection company headquarters building belonging to the movement in the protection of the army .
al-mays said in a phone call with al-nahar that he agreed during the meeting with municipalities in : " security in bekaa , and put his methods under the supervision of the army and to facilitate the return of people to their work , and that relations between citizens friendship relations .
we do not want to get involved in this emergency work and disturbing " .
however , the calm efforts were in a race with the aggravating atmospheres are not be able to save the lives of safe hassan nassif ( 60 years old ) , who was shot in the head during an armed clash , in the afternoon , between youths from the town of mainland sentenced elias al-mustaqbal and family advocates zidane shiite inhabited town .
the clashes and mobile attacks since thursday - friday night , which resulted in the killing of eight injured were treated in " the bekaa hospital " in te'ilbaya .
on the night of the middle bekaa roared badawi clashes with machine guns and " rpg shells , " that took place in the region extending from the upper saadnayel and taalabaya and jalal since midnight to fifth yesterday morning .
within the framework of a program funded by the european union 2 ideas to the office of the minister of state for administrative development affairs department organized institution " ايمرجانس " meeting third entitled : " drug addict : in conflict with the law or need treatment ? "
in the palace in the presence of representatives of civil society organizations and civil institutions concerned with issues of addiction . the national anthem opened , then arrested coordinated program " ideas " yemeni strange speech in which he praised the importance of the meeting .
after that , the head of the operations department at the european commission in lebanon , yossi mousel spoke .
he noted that expenditures related to drug today is about 36 billion euros .
furthermore , the union will invest more than 750 million euros in measures to reduce the supply of and demand for drugs in neighbouring countries and productive .
for his part , minister of state for administrative development affairs jean ogasabian , that the lebanese law puts an addict in the central region between the disease and the offence , while the required to find the sponsoring institutions and adequate places for treatment and follow-up and not bother addicts in ordinary prisons with criminals , thieves and drug dealers , what constitutes an additional reason to reflect their addiction .
after the session started working , and addressed the judge ziad enabled law addiction between the text and the reality .
he explained that the drug law 673 issued in the year 98 is trying to treat drug users to distinguish them from others .
but he pointed out that he felt sad after a decade after the issuance of this law , calling for the necessity of activating the provisions of the law on the treatment of drug addicts .
according to the data available to political sources concerned with the latest developments that hizballah , who led the war on beirut and the mountain , might have been rushed to register " victory " in the mountain on the leader of the democratic gathering " mp walid jumblatt before the end of the meeting of the arab foreign ministers council , while larger for his role in gaining allies from all sects , any year through the appearance of former president omar karami 's government , or the movement of members of the syrian social nationalist party in order to give a political dimension to this war and not a sectarian dimension .
the dispatch of the council of arab ministers of the secretary general of the arab league amr moussa to beirut was found since saturday and was trading on more than one level , especially as the need is pressing for a mediator to the dialogue is no longer exists at all on the local level .
according to these sources will not lift the siege of beirut before the completion of the elements of the political deal that saw through it and its regional allies have full confidence in achieving a victory that cancels all the effects of the cedar revolution on 14 march 2005 in the field , then before the election of the president of the republic , and then assigning a new prime minister without giving the parliamentary majority team in the light of the military status quo imposed by force and without the team calculated directly to hizballah and the opposition .
the signatories or the presidency of the republic , the prime minister believes that there will be a return to what was before the 2005 elections that brought the current parliamentary majority .
why the delay in the arrival of the arab ministerial committee to wednesday , noting that the foreign ministers council asked her to go " immediately " to beirut ?
is it true that the secretary general of the arab league amr moussa will head today tuesday to doha to meet the chairman of the committee of ministers of qatar 's foreign minister sheikh hamad bin jasim bin jabr al thani with other ministers , after forcing the first to leave cairo for its link to previous appointments with two others ?
the information available at night indicating that moussa waited to come with the chairman of the committee and members with the aim of holding contacts with various leaders of the opposition and the loyalists in order to hold a " special meeting " with the ministerial committee " to discuss the situation and agree on the speedy implementation of the arab initiative and take the danger that threatens the continuation of the current developments " , according to the sixth item that was issued by the decision .
arab ministerial sources said that contacts expanded to include arab and foreign officials in order to pave the way for the success of the committee 's task " is not easy " .
the meetings of the committee as soon as it arrived on wednesday morning to beirut , whether from doha , or from cairo , will start with president nabih berri and prime minister fuad siniora , army commander general michel suleiman , then the head of " the change and reform bloc " general michel aoun , the leader of the democratic gathering " mp walid jumblatt and finally , head of " the future bloc , " mp saad al-hariri .
and indicated contacts made by the chairman of the committee , sheikh hamad leadership in damascus and the secretary general of a number of lebanese leaders and arab officials , with the aim of opening the airport road and other roads closed barriers or ramparts .
karam said to journalists who met their " solidarity with them " .
he said : " today we are keen on public freedoms guaranteed by the lebanese constitution , and especially the freedom of the press in the media field general . the ability to maintain our difficult day . freedom is not a favor from anyone . but hard daily struggle in order to retain and enlightening . bleak and painful crisis that lebanon resumed throughout the week that has passed , we paid more and more faith in the pen and tongue . they were channeled in the tools of expression . and the media but has become more of these smaller " .
" we will not be silent about what is happening . and that what was exposed to the media and colleagues journalists in " the future , " the east " and " sailing " and " general " and " sevan " will not pass without accountability " .
he said : " the press in lebanon , and lebanon distorted his face if pens to injustice , and this is what we will not allow with the honorable and الطلاعين were exposed to a future national anwar " .
condemnation
on the other hand , continued denouncing the attitudes of exposure to the media and journalists .
" the cultural movement - antalyas " saw that " what was exposed to some media attack on sabotage , and thus close and silence calls on us to public expression of the strongest condemnation of what happened and condemnation and warning of the danger " .
he said that " the culture of freedom that lebanon represents a model arab الاسطع , and the most important pillars of freedom of speech , thought , publishing and media and the opposition , and the most prominent symbols of pluralistic media and publishing houses and cultural forums types .
" the national salvation front " opposition in syria issued a statement on the situation in lebanon , in which he said : " in the seventh of may 2008 , the oldest hizballah on launching armed aggression against beirut , horrible innocent citizens , sparking serious sectarian sedition , reminding of the lebanese and the arabs and the world to the israeli invasion of beirut in june 1982 , aiming to tighten its grip on lebanon to complete episodes of iranian hegemony in the arab region starting from iraq through syria to lebanon .
in this day began a dangerous new page in lebanon 's history and in the history of hizballah , which launched its armed elements of the occupation of beirut and internal instability in painful actions went dead and injured victims of the lebanese people , shifting the resistance to the aggression against family and partners in the homeland and self - determination .
the seriousness of this aggression also lies in that it is sliding towards barbaric behavior has not seen the lebanese only during the israeli occupation of beirut in 1982 , and will lead to serious consequences on the internal level , creating a national crack deep between the lebanese , would have disastrous consequences on the unity of lebanon and its stability and its future as well as the future of the arab region as a whole and stability .
that hezbollah retreat since july 2006 to beirut and transform it from resisting the occupation to the occupation of beirut and tampering with the lebanese fabric and his involvement in the internal political conflict in lebanon .
tourism minister joe sarkis expressed his concern to the government 's retreat from its resolutions , because it " hits the prestige of the state and the government 's credibility , whatever the circumstances and reasons , regardless of the government 's decision is right " .
he said if the opposition abides by its share of the obligations that the government " will meet to take resolutions again " .
he said in an interview with " the news agency today " : after we saw the reality on the ground , we put the problem in the hands of the army command ( ... ) we have reached a consensus to reverse resolutions in return to normal before the incidents " .
he pointed out that " hezbollah is the only group that owns weapons and armies and military power , it turned out that a large force could impose on the ground , all what it wants , and therefore no longer other controversial items alone on the list , but it has become a weapon in the priorities of item thinking all lebanese " .
parliament speaker nabih berri accused as " carrying the weapons of the resistance and pointing in our direction , and is equipped with weapons and use it and asks us to go to the table of dialogue and the gun in our head .
if we are before two choices : either surrender and go to the dialogue and the silence and the cancellation of the self , and thus wants dialogue with berri himself or perhaps with hezbollah .
but if he wants to talk with the team who disagrees with him in opinion and is carrying a weapon and says " this weapon will remain in the hands of honor to the dialogue table and the gun to your head " , then i am in front of two things : either go and my head مذلول and tell berri where do you want me to sign to sign , or not go to i cannot cope with berri only with words and logic and faith in the country and the constitutional institutions , because this is our only weapon " .
deputy atif majdalani said " that the syrian - iranian axis implemented a plan of three stages : vacuum , has been achieved . and chaos . and we are in the midst of sedition and put new taef! in doha aimed at redrawing the map of balances to move from sharing triangulation " .
he said in a statement yesterday : " after the mask fell and party ( hizballah ) away from his nickname , and forgot his promises and his department , and after practicing all kinds of acts of aggression and provocation of their father , against the people of beirut , and forget after his black hatred at dawn on the master of martyrs ( president ) rafiq al-hariri to destroy its media and educational and cultural institutions and health , after all this : where are we today ?
what is next ? " .
he added : " if the militia " hezbollah , " which invaded beirut safe peaceful proud and triumphed over the occupations that were exposed to , believes that it has achieved a victory , then it is wrong .
nor is it won and we will not concede the term of the jurisprudent .
and that the violation of taboos , and killing of innocent people , and silence free voice , and impose opinion by force of arms is unacceptable things , must be the first item in any dialogue to put all the weapons in the hands of legitimacy to be the security of beirut and lebanon 's security مصو " .
he concluded : " we cannot but congratulate hizballah to accomplish the latter , he managed to sow sectarian sedition and succeeded in deepening the wound and hatred between the people and the deployment of humiliation and humiliation between citizens embraced in their hearts before their homes their families in the july aggression , and more importantly , he managed to convince all people that " their enemy , " the new weapon " hezbollah " specifically .
egyptian minister of social solidarity ali meselhi said on thursday that the state will add 17 million people at least to holders of ration cards to ease the impact of the increase in food prices as it will increase the quantity of rice to be distributed among ration .
meselhi said to reuters that the number of citizens eligible for subsidized food rations will rise to 55 million , which means more than 70 percent of the country 's population .
he said in an interview that the closing date to register new members to get cards is june 30 .
progress so far , about 17 million people , i mean , covering about 55 million people .
the inflation rate in egypt jumped to 16.4 percent year-on-year in april and the government is trying to contain the growing popular discontent because of rising food prices and low wages .
three people were killed in the city of mahala in the nile delta last month in clashes with police after textile workers tried to organize a strike .
( details page 4 ) and did not give egypt citizens to ration cards since 1988 .
the poor in egypt who spend most of their income on food are the most affected by the high prices of rice , meat , vegetables and cooking oil and other foodstuffs .
meselhi said that the new cards will cost the government 1.7 billion pounds ( 317 million dollars ) in the fiscal year 2008 - 2009 , which starts in july .
an agreement to stop fighting between militants and security forces in the stronghold of shiite cleric moqtada al-sadr in baghdad started firm largely on sunday .
but sporadic clashes between gunmen and american forces are still going on .
residents of sadr city said that there was no fighting during the night , but minor clashes broke out on sunday after a day of shiite political factions reached an agreement to end weeks of fighting that killed hundreds of people in the shiite district .
the fighting which broke out between the security forces supported by the united states and gunmen besieged residents of sadr city district , a total of two million people , prompting aid workers to warn of a humanitarian crisis .
but agreements between gunmen loyal to sadr against the united states and the security forces have collapsed in the past .
it is not clear as to what extent al-sadr controls many of the mahdi army militia men belonging to it .
despite the calm , officials at two hospitals in sadr city said they received the body and treated five wounded last night .
hospitals said before the signing of the agreement that 19 persons were killed and 116 others were injured during the twenty four hours in the past .
the government welcomed the agreement signed between the sadrist bloc in the parliament and the ruling shiite coalition .
in addition , the spokesman for the us army colonel jerry o ' hara welcomed efforts to end violence through political negotiations .
turkish military sources declared yesterday tuesday that the elite units in the army killed 11 kurdish rebels in a quick operations carried out during the past two days in northern iraq .
the sources added that the incursion operations that took place in افاسين pasjane at a depth of five kilometers inside iraq comes in response to an attack launched by kurdish separatists in the pkk last friday on a military site border in hakkari province , in southeastern turkey .
the air force provided support elite unit through its bombardment of this region .
earlier , the turkish army launched several similar operations in the past in order to hunt down elements of the pkk in northern iraq .
a kurdish rebel attack on the aktutun barracks resulted in killing six soldiers and 19 militants , said the turkish army launched an air raid targeted pkk positions in افاسين pasjane .
the turkish general staff confirmed killing an unspecified number of rebels based in northern iraq and the destruction of the media and publicity center belonging to the kurdistan workers party .
the turkish army increases its operations against kurdish rebels since last december by launching raids on their positions and moved military units at the end of last february for one week in northern iraq , where about two thousand fighters of kurdish rebels , according to ankara .
the united states and the european union classify the pkk on the list of terrorist organizations .
according to a report published on the website of the moro islamic liberation front on the internet that a malaysian aircraft arrives early morning to davao city to transfer its teams deployed in 4 and 5 to the international monitoring team sites in the cities of general santos and davao .
both in mindanao , respectively .
the philippine government and the philippine army kept silent about the departure of the first batch of the international monitoring team led by malaysia , which oversees the ceasefire agreement between the philippine government and the moro islamic liberation front .
it is the largest islamic movement in the country .
the front said that davao , will fly to the city of cotabato and zamboanga city , also in mindanao , to transfer the other teams before eventually returning to kuala lumpur in the afternoon .
this is the first stage of the withdrawal of peace monitors and malaysian peacekeeping soldiers from the international monitoring team after the malaysian government 's decision to withdraw its teams in the wake of a clear dilemma in peace talks between the philippine government and the milf .
malaysia had announced last month that it will not be an extension of the mandate of the international monitoring team after the end on august 31 this year due to the lack of progress in the talks to play the role of a mediator .
the team was deployed in 2004 after the philippine government and the milf signed a truce and started peace talks in kuala lumpur .
the sudanese government declared today ( saturday ) defeating belonging to the justice and equality movement rebel infiltrators , coming from the darfur region west of sudan to the capital khartoum .
sudanese police declared that a number of infiltrators have been killed during the violent fighting that took place in omdurman area in northwestern khartoum .
it added that it is currently being counted the bodies , indicating that a number of infiltrators were captured .
the sudanese armed forces have declared earlier today that fighting between it and the remnants of the rebel justice and equality movement in umm durman region who managed to sneak after responding to their northern kordofan .
for his part , the spokesman for the police , mohammed majid al-tayeb said about defeating the rebel forces , khalil ibrahim groups that tried to infiltrate into the capital , pointing out that a number of casualties , among them mohammad saleh قربو opportunistic and force commander mohammad anwar nour al-din intelligence force commander .
al-tayeb said that the infiltrators abandoned their vehicles and escaped in residential districts , pointing out to appeal to the citizens to cooperate with all authorities in reporting any stranger found in any district .
the spokesman warned that the infiltrators were disguised in many forms , some of them , who represents madness , or represents a beggar , and so be able to escape and not falling in the hands of the security services .
he said that the authorities would be able during the remaining hours of this day of the arrest of the remaining fugitives infiltrators , where they were arrested a number of vehicles and a number of suspects who will be taken against legal procedures .
u.s. software giant microsoft corp. said friday that it will appeal the decision and a fine of 899 million euros ( 1.39 billion dollars ) issued by the european commission due to impose its high prices to discourage competition .
microsoft said in a statement , " microsoft today filed a lawsuit before the court of first instance ( of the european union ) to cancel the decision of the european commission issued in february 27 . "
in response , the european commission said , which is waging a battle for a long time with microsoft in competition issues , it is confident that the fine " legally sound " .
the commission said it imposed the fine because the u.s. company challenged the order issued by the commission in 2004 to provide information to competitors in return for reasonable terms .
geneva -- the world health organization on friday called for more research cooperation on bird flu virus , which said it could help to reduce the death and disease in the case of flu outbreak among humans .
officials of the world health organization said that the current international research is no longer competitive in a big way , and that the results of the studies are waiting for the announcement of the acquisition , which may delay to benefit from it in any emergency situation relating to public health .
he explained that fukuda coordinator of the global influenza program of the world health organization , that there is a need to exchange research more like what happened in unofficially between experts during the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( sars ) deadly epidemic in 2003 and has spread from southern china to canada .
middle east quartet envoy tony blair said on tuesday that israel had agreed to ease travel and trade restrictions on the palestinians in the west bank .
according to blair , that israel would remove a checkpoint near the city of hebron in the west bank this week , and remove or another , the site of a number of points of beit el near ramallah , which will be transferred to transfer " as soon as israel decides that the security situation is allowed to do so . "
blair said in a press conference in jerusalem , " that this is the first step , but it is an important step . "
" it will lead to a noticeable improvement " , adding that the changes will improve with the passage of time , largely from the movement from the north to the south , and from the east to the west in the west bank .
the envoy to israel a list of 12 checkpoints , roadblocks and other barriers in the west bank , wants to remove them , but israel has agreed to accept some of the proposed steps only , according to local daily yedioth ahronoth .
blair 's list is the first of its kind by the former british prime minister since world powers appointed him last june to lead efforts to revive the palestinian economy .
blair 's announcement came one day before u.s. president george w. bush 's visit to celebrate the 60 anniversary of the establishment of the state of israel .
he did not give israeli officials to comment immediately .
the people 's daily , the mouthpiece of the central committee of the communist party of china , published a commentary wednesday calling for the country to mobilize and take urgent measures on the earthquake that hit southwest china .
the commentary says that the earthquake on monday , the worst in china in three decades , has offered the safety of lives and property of citizens to a great danger .
he added that the disaster has ravaged the hearts of the central committee of the communist party of china , and the state council .
in the aftermath of the earthquake , president hu jintao urged all-out efforts to rescue the injured , and to ensure the safety of the people in the affected areas .
premier wen jiabao went to the region immediately to direct the relief work by the disaster in the site of the disaster .
the standing committee of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china held a meeting yesterday evening , and decided to establish a headquarters for the relief of the disaster .
each of the seismological bureau of china , the national committee for disaster reduction , and submitted to the ministry of civil affairs , and the ministry of health , the ministry of public security , and the general administration of logistics of the chinese people 's liberation army , and sichuan local government all assistance to the stricken areas .
the newspaper said that " this all shows the central government 's concern for the safety of the people and their property . "
it added that these movements also showed the determination of the party and the government to make their utmost efforts to help in the earthquake relief work .
the disaster also raised fears among the people across the country .
within a few hours , all sent from yunnan province and the tibet autonomous region seismologists in the region , and the red cross society of china has allocated materials for relief from the earthquake .
also many provinces , municipalities and autonomous regions and other prepared to help the stricken areas , according to the commentary .
the ministry of health in the palestinian government on tuesday strongly warned of environmental and health dangerous consequences resulting from the use of " edible oil " to operate vehicles in the gaza strip due to the fuel crisis and the israeli blockade .
drivers in the besieged gaza strip since mid june last year was intended to be used as a fuel for operating their cars instead of edible oil derivatives , which prevents israel supplies to the gaza strip and impose tight restrictions .
the ministry said in a press statement : " the use of cooking fuel will lead to a health and environmental catastrophe affecting both public health and the environment " .
explaining that " the incomplete combustion resulting from the use of cooking fuel caused by the exhaust contains materials متسرطنة dangerous to human health " .
" the ministry says , " as well as the negative effects on the environment and public health , the use of edible oil as an alternative to fuel led to a rise in the price of edible gallons , about 30 percent of its basic price .
which lead to increase the suffering of citizens as a result of the continuous price hikes in prices where edible commodities " .
palestinian health said that : " the inhuman conditions in which residents of the gaza strip and the resulting from the closure and israel 's blockade of the gaza strip and prevent the introduction of basic materials for humanitarian needs such as fuel and fuel the violation of basic human rights and international treaties and conventions and the collective punishment of the population " .
the ministry renewed " its call for the international community to move immediately to put pressure on israel to stop its violations of palestinian environment in the gaza strip by preventing the continuation of israel to take measures to prevent the introduction of fuel supplies .
the jordanian state security court to look into the issue of muammar ahmad yusuf aljaghbir , sentenced to 10 years of hard labor for his involvement in the murder of us diplomat lawrence foley , after violating the court of cassation ( , the highest judicial authority ) , the state security court 's decision issued in november last year .
judicial sources said to xinhua news agency on tuesday that it was the decision of the court of cassation , where before the court that the accused muammar aljaghbir , tried in absentia with other suspects in the previous case , and become absentee ruling cancelling the rule of law when the arrest of the accused is a fugitive from justice .
each of the state security court attorney general and undersecretary of defense lawyer fathi aljaghbir الدرادكة from the state security court asked not to follow the veto and walking in the proceedings .
the state security court convicted aljaghbir on charges of conspiracy to carry out terrorist acts after the amendment of the charge of conspiracy to carry out terrorist acts that led to the death of a person .
on the other hand , judicial sources said that the indictment did not reveal a lot about a direct role for aljaghbir in the case but that he contacted with ( salem bin swed , the main suspect , who was executed last year against the backdrop of the case with yasser freihat ) to check on where salem from muammar understanding through communication that muammar said the successful implementation of the first military operation against the jordanian arena .
the sources said that aljaghbir was issued against him in the summer of 2004 , was sentenced in absentia to death by hanging in the same case , which was stripped of his punishment immediately after receiving the jordanian security services aljaghbir by u.s. forces in iraq .
palestinian medical sources declared that four palestinians , including a boy , were killed and 13 others were injured as a result of the continuous israeli incursion in east of jabalia town in northern gaza strip .
medical sources said that israeli tanks fired several shells in the area of mount al-kashif during the incursion that killed two members of al-qassam brigades , the armed wing of the hamas movement .
earlier , a boy , 17 years old , was killed after he was injured by the israeli army fire while he was on his way to school on a bicycle in the area of ezbat abd rabbo , east jabalia .
eyewitnesses from the residents of jabalya confirmed that israeli bulldozers meanwhile carried out wide sweeping operations of the agricultural lands in the vicinity of the martyrs ' cemetery .
eyewitnesses said that three women were injured as a result of an israeli artillery bombardment was exposed to palestinian homes .
the israeli army forces launched an incursion into the city backed by several military vehicles amid intensive shooting by these forces .
a member of al-qassam brigades , the military wing of hamas movement was killed and five others were injured in several raids by the israeli air force in the city of khan younis in the southern gaza strip .
israeli forces rolled early today morning in the village of khuzaa east of khan yunis , where they carried out wide sweeping operations to agricultural land there .
for its part , saraya al-quds , the military wing of the islamic jihad movement said that it targeted military vehicles rolling by three mortar shells .
meanwhile , al-qassam brigades declared that they fired rpg shells " in the direction of an israeli vehicle in addition to its fighters clash with israeli soldiers .
the red cross society of china mainland said on thursday that he had been invited the red cross organization in taiwan to participate in the rescue efforts in sichuan province , which was hit by the earthquake , and that it is now ready to do so quickly .
it is worth mentioning that since the earthquake hit the country last monday , the red cross organization of taiwan managed to collect 300 thousand dollars from public donations , and handed over to the victims through the red cross society of the mainland on wednesday ) .
it also authorized the red cross organization of taiwan airline " china airlines " to transport relief materials worth 126900 us dollars today from the city of taipei to chengdu , the capital of sichuan province .
relief materials included 7 thousands of heavy jackets , 800 tents , blankets , food , first aid bags .
earlier in the day , chen yunlin will not , director of the taiwan affairs office of the state council , said that the mainland welcomes the rescue teams from the earthquake that sent the red cross organization of taiwan to contribute to the relief work of the earthquake .
he said that his office and the red cross society of the mainland will help aid workers from taiwan in reaching the area hit by the earthquake as soon as possible .
" we understand the concern of the people in taiwan about the victims of the earthquake , " and he thanked them for their generosity and help them in relief and rescue work .
the lesson of the taiwan straits relations today also sent a letter to the sef in taiwan , expressed its gratitude to the red cross organization of taiwan to send rescuers to sichuan , and contributions of the taiwan people .
a local official told xinhua news agency on thursday that it is possible the emergence of the plague in the quake zones , if not buried the bodies of the victims quickly .
he said any li cheng , a senior official in the communist party in the hand of aba in sichuan province , that there are many bodies buried under the rubble .
huge cranes equipment cannot traffic on the streets closed to reach the disaster areas .
by any since the devastating earthquake on monday to search for survivors with a rescue team in yingxiu in wenchuan county , the epicenter .
he warned any of that rising temperatures , could speed up the decay of bodies and the appearance of plague .
accumulated some bodies on the ground in the town , and spread already smell in the air .
he said that " we are in the greatest need for bags of bodies , " as well as food and water .
he added that " food and drinking water being dropped by air limited , and does not meet the requirements " .
he said some rescuers searched for water in the eyes of the mountain , but it is not clear whether fit for drinking .
gao qiang , deputy minister of health in the afternoon ( on thursday pledged that the central government will work to prevent the spread of any epidemic .
he said he would be disposed of the dead bodies properly as soon as possible to prevent the proliferation of harmful bacteria .
he added , " we should not add to the losses caused by natural disasters , and make people suffer more because we have not done our job well , "
more countries offered aid on thursday to china , which , after a strong earthquake hit the southwestern sichuan province .
the norwegian foreign ministry announced that the norwegian government will provide 20 million crowns ( about 4 million u.s. dollars ) in aid to china in the relief work .
the spanish government also said that سقدم million euros ( about 1.55 million dollars ) to china .
belgian foreign minister karel de gucht said that the belgian government will provide 650 million euros ( about 1.01 million dollars ) urgent aid to china .
the french foreign ministry said that france has decided to provide relief materials worth 250 million euros ( about 386900 dollars ) to the chinese red cross to help the victims in the quake-hit areas .
greek foreign minister dora bakoyannis announced that the greek government has decided to offer urgent aid to china amounting to 200 million euros ( about 309500 dollars ) .
estonia 's government also provided 500 million estonian crowns ( about 49 thousand dollars ) to china to express the sympathy and support of the estonian government and people for the residents of the quake zones .
the vietnamese government provides 200 thousand dollars in cash to help china in the relief work .
the mozambican government also provides 40 thousand rmb ( about 5700 dollars ) to help .
the united nations refugee agency will provide 50 thousand dollars in cash to support the relief work carried out by the chinese government .
in addition , many diplomats in foreign embassies in china contributed to personal donations .
russia called for the necessity of resuming the talks between iran and the group of six countries to tackle the crisis of the iranian nuclear file .
the russian agency spokesman boris malakhov in a statement distributed here on friday expressed his hope that tehran will be able to receive the high commissioner for the european union , javier solana , in addition to representatives of the group of six countries to discuss ways to settle the crisis of the iranian nuclear file .
malakhov said that a delegation of the group of six countries carries with him to tehran new proposals approved by the foreign ministers of the six countries in london recently .
he added that " a delegation of the group of six countries can make during the negotiations , a preliminary assessment of the iranian proposals which declared iran two weeks ago " .
the russian ria-novosti news agency quoted russian sources as saying that the russian foreign ministry is studying the iranian proposals for settling international issues .
it is worth mentioning that iran 's ambassadors in both moscow and beijing had earlier handed over the iranian proposals to the foreign ministries in both countries .
on the same level , russian foreign minister sergei lavrov called for the necessity of granting iran security guarantees certain and ensure its involvement in resolving regional issues such as the top of a mission in order to settle the crisis of the iranian nuclear file .
iran 's permanent representative to the international atomic energy agency ali asghar soltanieh has confirmed his country 's intention to continue this on may 14 in cooperation with the iaea despite some criticism for the work of the agency and its dealing with the iranian nuclear program .
senior chinese leader li changchun sent his greetings on behalf of the central committee of the communist party of china , the state council of china , and chinese president hu jintao yesterday ( friday ) night to journalists covering the events of the devastating earthquake measuring 7.8 degrees in sichuan province in southwest china .
li , a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the communist party of china during his visit to xinhua news agency and china central television yesterday night that " chinese news reporters have worked relentlessly during the past five days " .
he said they " showed the world the concerted efforts made by our nation and the spirit that does not know the surrender from the disaster " relief work . li arrived in the headquarters of the agency at 11:30 p.m. yesterday .
speaking to journalists and editors on their mission in the headquarters and spoke to reporters at the site of the earthquake in sichuan via video phones .
during his visit was accompanied by liu yunshan , member of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china and director of the publicity department of the central committee of the communist party of china . he also visited the chinese central television after that .
li said " the central committee of the communist party of china and the state council of china attached great importance to the disaster relief and rescue operations , the victims of the wenchuan earthquake .
in addition , president hu jintao and premier wen jiabao flew to sichuan to direct relief work , while the whole country has been mobilized to help the victims of the earthquake " .
he also pointed out that a large number of new reporters pushed themselves to the front lines in the earthquake relief work in sichuan despite possible risks .
wenchuan , sichuan province , may 17 ( xinhua )
as german tourists had been missing for five days to xinhua news agency , how do i sold villagers in an isolated society for five days after the earthquake that hit southwest china .
it was reported that he had been picked up براكوس wajdan , 62 years , alive from quake rubble .
in fact , in good condition and sound .
he was staying in the village of تاوقوان , near the epicenter in wenchuan county .
it was located in the heart of early on thursday ,
but unable to the chinese people 's liberation army soldiers evacuated from the village only today , 114 hours after the earthquake .
he said the climber who belongs to hauser tourist agency based in munich , told " i good condition " .
bogdan traveling to accompany the translator xu jianming and driver cao wei across the bridge when the earthquake occurred .
after a strong earthquake that lasted for ten minutes , escaped from the vehicle and climbed onto a large pile of rubble . then they found a small village , stayed in during the past five days days with the survivors of the earthquake .
wajdan said that local residents came to them food and water for drinking . in the evening , they went to sleep in the vehicle .
the three , all of them are in good condition , were taken to a tent in the army headquarters for the relief of the disaster in the capital of the governorate , north of the village of تاوقوان , some 90 minutes by car .
wang said kay , the officer in charge of contacts with the leadership of the military , that rescuers will be transferred to chengdu , capital of sichuan , chengdu , when available vehicles for transporting them . ( at the end of the news )
russian and singaporean rescue teams on sunday ) continued relief work in sichuan province , which was hit by the earthquake , southwest of the country .
according to a chinese citizen was accompanied by russian rescuers , the russian rescue team was still in dujiangyan city southwest of wenchuan county , the epicenter of the earthquake that measured 8 degrees on the richter scale .
the china seismological bureau on sunday , the degree of the quake changed from 7.8 to 8 degrees on the richter scale .
russian rescuers retrieved a woman , 61 years old , alive yesterday evening after they were buried for 127 hours under the rubble .
another group of the same team is looking for any signs of life elsewhere in the city of dujiangyan .
on the other hand , is a team from singapore comprising 55 members in the town of هونغباي , one of the most affected areas in shifang city , sichuan province .
also , rescuers retrieved singaporeans and chinese near the body of a woman 45 years of noon today between the ruins of a residential building in هونغاي after hours of efforts .
he said liao yutian , brother of the deceased , " i appreciate very much the spirit that had the safety of their lives themselves aside . "
liao went to the singaporean team base in هونغباي on sunday evening ) to thank them .
liao said " that as foreigners , it is not linked to us . but they did not hesitate to crawl inside the building , which was liable to collapse at any time . "
the iranian president , mahmoud ahmadinejad , said that some countries have offered to provide his country enriched uranium up to 20 percent for the use of nuclear fuel .
iran has always insisted on its right to carry out the process of enriching uranium for a nuclear program it says is for fully peaceful purposes , mainly to generate electricity .
tehran rejects western suspicions that its real intention is to build a nuclear bomb , which would require the production of enriched uranium to 90 percent , almost .
ahmadinejad said , yesterday , " there were proposals submitted by individual states and groups of states . and we are ready to hold talks with all those who are interested in the matter . we will start our experts soon talks with these vendors " .
he added that iran could also buy nuclear fuel from the united states , its old enemy . students news agency quoted him as saying " we want to buy fuel . we can buy it from anywhere , and america could be one of the vendors , " he said .
western diplomats say that iran agreed in principle during the geneva talks last thursday to send about 80 percent of its stockpile of low enriched uranium to russia and france for further treatment and then returned to tehran to promote low for reactor fuel stockpiles in the capital produces isotopes to treat cancer .
the president of the republic of armenia serge sarkisian , the day before yesterday , arrived in beirut for an official visit , whose " tashnaq " receives a wide wave of protests and sit-ins in front of his residence in the hotel , and criticism of the signing of the agreement , the turkish - armenian due to be held in october , 10 ) current .
he met yesterday armenian orthodox catholicos aram i kashishian sarkisyan , who informed him that " the armenians will continue to demand their rights " , and that he personally continues to struggle and calling for the recognition of the armenian genocide and all its implications .
he stressed the importance of the armenian unit that makes us strong , able to recover our rights and the continuation of our struggle " .
sarkisian then met with representatives of the armenian three parties , tashnaq , الهنشاك , and الرامغفار , and representatives of the three orthodox and armenian catholics and evangelical denominations , and representatives of the associations and armenian institutions in lebanon , syria , egypt , the gulf states and iran , in the presence of the secretary general of the party , " tashnaq " hovig mekhitarian , and the minister of energy and water , now tabourian , and mp agop bukradonian , and a number of armenian events .
the armenian president told their objection to the agreement that will be signed with turkey , and pointed out that he " should have been preceded by discussed important issues and taking into account the views of the diaspora when negotiating with the turks " .
dr. mahmoud al-zahhar , member of the political bureau of the hamas movement , the most prominent leaders in gaza strip said that the issue is not in the signing of a reconciliation agreement but in creating favorable conditions for reconciliation after " the criminal acts committed by the palestinian authority to postpone discussing the goldstone report on the crimes committed by israel in gaza , in the international human rights council " .
al-zahhar added in statements to " al-sharq al-awsat : " still debate exists between us and egypt on creating conditions until half an hour before ( yesterday ) ... we have to differentiate between the signature and the reconciliation . the signing is easy and can be performed by any person but the problem is to create an atmosphere of this reconciliation , after the negative atmosphere created by this criminal initiative " .
he went on saying " the situation now is that the principle of reconciliation exists , but talk about the time ... and there is an interview with egyptian officials to find a way so as not to be formal reconciliation " .
in addition , the israelis received george mitchell , the us special envoy for peace in the middle east , leaking the report , confirms " that thinks about the success of the negotiations on a permanent settlement at this time , is deluded and unrealistic " .
in a later development yesterday , a palestinian official said to the french press agency that palestinian president mahmoud abbas ordered the palestinian representative at the united nations headquarters in geneva that calls for holding an urgent meeting for the human rights council to discuss the resumption of the goldstone report .
the un security council rejected a request from the representative of libya , the only arab country in the council , to hold an emergency session and especially to discuss the findings and recommendations of the report , richard goldstone , who condemns israel of committing war crimes in the gaza strip .
however , the council in its 15 members agreed to provide its monthly meeting on middle east affairs , was to be held in october , 20 ) , and 14 of the month , and allocating them to discuss the report .
he said الجاندرو and wolf , deputy us ambassador to the united nations after talks that lasted for more than two hours the night before the last , " made it clear that washington does not prefer to take the council in a meeting next week any action " .
he added that " the report must be discussed in the human rights council in geneva " .
on the level of palestinian reactions to the authority 's decision to withdraw the goldstone report from circulation in the human rights council , the political bureau of the popular front for the liberation of palestine demanded to lift the immunity of the palestinian president mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) as a prelude to interrogate him regarding his relationship with the decision to withdraw the report .
in a statement after a meeting held by , the political bureau said that it is " necessary to punish all those who are proven guilty of this offence , starting with abbas and until the last official participated in committing this sin " .
the committee called for the necessity of sticking to the right of the palestinian people to follow up the report at all levels and relevant international institutions , and holding the executive committee and all sides palestinian jurisdiction to follow .
controlled the rhythm of the summit that gathered the saudi monarch king abdullah bin abdul aziz and syrian president bashar al-asad in damascus in the pulse of the lebanese political arena , which awaits results lead to contribute to the birth of the government formation that entered its fourth month , was not completed .
while beating the positive atmosphere that accompanied the saudi - syrian summit on what else , silence prevails in the positions of the resolution regarding the ability of prime minister-designate saad hariri to solve the contract , both among its allies or with the other group .
what increases the tension facilities for watching , worrying and mobile security signals that can no longer restrain only by a strong and capable of achieving security and government to deal with the accumulated files .
while some sources indicate that lebanon will not benefit from the results of the summit between king abdullah and president assad will be negative consequences may be difficult to avert them , other sources considered that the meeting was positive on the arab relations in general , but the translation in lebanon to other accounts will extend to iran .
deputy says hizballah bilal farhat to " asharq al-awsat " : " lebanon is part of the existing regional situation . and anyone who says otherwise is lying to himself .
in the first week of october ( october ) the current , 5 saudi companies listed in the stock market , announced its financial results for the period of the last nine months , where the initial results showed that companies registered profits of 1.074 billion riyals ( 286.4 million dollars ) ,
as companies achieved growth in profits , while the three companies declined by varying degrees .
the company , " riyadh for reconstruction , " the highest growth after it achieved an increase of 13 percent during the past three quarters , where he earned 69 million riyals ( 18.4 million dollars ) during the past nine months , compared with 61 million riyals in the same period last year .
while the company , " jarir came " in second place with a rise of 7 percent , achieving profits reached 270 million riyals compared to 252.6 million riyals in the same period of last year .
" halwani brothers , " topped the list of most companies decline in profits by 32 percent after it gained 34.3 million riyals compared with a profit of 50.8 million riyals in the same period of last year , followed by " the eastern cement , " which saw growth in the third quarter by 60 percent from the same period of last year , but it has achieved a total fell by 16 percent during the past nine months compared with the same period of last year .
the us president , barack obama , yesterday , confirmed that he , like the rest of the american people , woke up to a surprise prize awarded " nobel " for peace , saying that he accepts the award as " a call to action , " rather than " a recognition of personal achievements " made by .
the number of obama 's priorities , including " a full commitment " to the peace process in the middle east and the establishment of a palestinian state .
obama began his speech in front of the white house yesterday , saying : " i am surprised , we shy of modesty " , he adds : " let me be clear , i do not consider ( the prize ) in recognition of my personal achievements , but as an affirmation of the american leadership on behalf of the aspirations of the peoples in all countries " .
he stressed the idea of humility in his statement , he said : " i do not feel that i deserve to be accompanied by a lot of people that changed the world " , in a reference to those who won the award in the past , but he said that it pays to work .
he added : " i know that in history , the nobel prize for peace not only to honor a specific achievement , but also used to give impetus to a number of issues , and this will accept this award as a call to action , a call for all states to confront the common challenges of the twenty-first century " . it is noteworthy , in his speech did not thank obama the " nobel " , in an indication that he feels that the prize increases the burden on him to achieve big ambitions .
us president barack obama has chosen to give him the nobel prize for peace a global wave of reactions congratulating and some of them objecting .
he met everyone to push the us president to exert more efforts in order to establish peace in the world .
direct and clear criticism of obama 's choice to give him the prize , very few .
at the same time , palestinian president mahmoud abbas congratulated obama , expressing his hope that peace can be achieved in his era .
the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) said that there is still a lot to be the us president to provide even deserve the prize .
ismail haniyeh , the head of the deposed palestinian government run by hamas , hoped that obama won the prize to be reflected in the change of american policy towards the palestinian people and its struggle with the israeli occupation and towards what is going on in the city of jerusalem .
haniya added in a statement to reporters after friday prayer yesterday : " we listened to the speeches of the us president and said at the time that we need deeds , not words " .
he added : " if there is no fundamental and real change in the us policy in terms of the recognition of the inalienable rights of the palestinian people , then i think that the award was won by no progress and no delay " .
arab league secretary general amr moussa said that he was " very happy " with obama winning the nobel peace prize , expressing his hope that this will contribute to push peace efforts in the middle east .
moussa added in a statement by telephone from libya to the french press agency , " it is an expression of the world convinced talked about ( obama ) in his plan , whether in regard to nuclear disarmament in the world or his intervention to reach an urgent solution to the problems of the world , including the arab israeli conflict " .
the emir of kuwait , sheikh sabah al-ahmad al-jaber al-sabah sent a telegram of congratulations to us president congratulating him on winning the nobel prize , as well as yemeni president ali abdullah saleh .
in syria , chief editor of the newspaper , the syrian government asaad abboud to the german news agency said " this is a prize for the future is expected from president obama 's most impoverished peoples of the world and the developing world and the country in wars is waiting for obama more mobility towards peace and especially in our arab region " .
in turn , the editor-in-chief of al-watan newspaper , the syrian official and semi - waddah abd rabbu considered that obama deserves due to his courage and especially with regard to his decision to close guantanamo detention camp , his courageous decision to withdraw his army from iraq .
suleiman haddad , chairman of the foreign relations committee in the syrian people 's assembly , said in statements to the agency itself , that obama has good intentions for peace but intentions coupled with reaction on the ground is more important to many .
a moroccan official criticized the classification , which put the united nations programme for human development in morocco , where the existing site late in the arab states , as well as on the global level , where he ranked 130 .
ahmed al-halimi , the high representative for planning , as ( minister of planning ) , morocco classification described by the programme as it was unfair to end .
he said al-halimi , who was speaking after a meeting with the director of the statistics unit in the office of the global report on human development anise kennedy : " classification , which put the program is not only unfair but unfortunately does not reflect the efforts made by morocco in improving the level of human development " .
and expressed his doubts in the mechanisms of al-halimi standards and norms adopted by the united nations office for human development in the classification of countries , indicating that morocco cannot come after namibia and botswana .
however , al-halimi also pointed out that the aim of the report of the united nations does not reduce the position of morocco in this area , but perhaps it is an attempt to stimulate all countries that occupied late ranks to do more in the field of economic development , as well as human development .
al-halimi attributed the reasons for the retreat of morocco in the world rankings to the spread of illiteracy rate , as well as the limited number of schools in villages and rural areas .
the lebanese army confirmed that it " is determined to impose security and order " , confirming " that no political umbrella over the head of one , " and called for more patience and sacrifice , military and deal firmly with the mob who play with the lives of citizens and their property " .
the lebanese army command - guidance directorate yesterday , a bulletin circulated guidelines for the military , entitled " security for all over the country " .
he said : " the country has witnessed in recent times , some security incidents in a number of lebanese regions , which resulted in the fall of a number of deaths and injuries among citizens , coinciding with a political and media provocative speech by some parties , in addition to doubts over the role of the army through allusion to the lack of awareness events , and negligence in imposing security in certain areas " .
the statement said that " the mission of the army in maintaining the country 's security and stability , is a stable and firm regardless of places , events and changing circumstances , and it is under permanent to ensure the security of all citizens without exception and prosecute those who breach security to any side they belong to arrest them and bring them to justice " .
he said " that the military institution bearing in mind in the course of duty , maintain national unity and co-existence , and it would not be driven behind what is not an official issued from here or there , and intentionally or unintentionally lead to the escalation of the situation and , consequently , to enter into a nervous غرائزية negatively affect everyone and cause more harm to the interests of the homeland and citizens alike " .
the international energy agency said , yesterday , that world oil demand will improve next year , faster than previous estimates by virtue of more optimistic economic outlook .
in a monthly report filed by the agency , which advises 28 industrialized countries , its estimate for world oil demand growth in 2010 to 1.42 million barrels a day , an increase of 150 thousand barrels per day from the previous predictions .
the report said that it is expected that the demand for oil in the next year will average 86.05 million barrels per day in line with more optimistic economic outlook from the international monetary fund and stronger data from the americas and asia .
he added that oil stocks in the countries of the organization for economic cooperation and development fell to the equivalent of 60.7 on the cover of long-term demand at the end of august ) from 61.4 in july .
the international energy agency said that the organization of petroleum exporting countries ( opec ) pumped more quantities of oil in september in august , down the degree of compliance with production cuts agreed to 62 percent .
iran opened a formal investigation into the sale of the majority of shares , one of the largest communication companies in iran for a consortium of 3 companies , one of them a company affiliated to the iranian revolutionary guard , which makes the majority of iranian contacts under direct military control .
the iranian announcement came after sources informed asharq al-awsat confirmed two days ago that the iranian revolutionary guards control one of the largest iranian communications companies in an effort to strengthen the supervision of communications for security reasons .
the sources said that the revolutionary guard now owns 51 % of the company " operating the adoption indicated " after paying more than 7 billion dollars to seize 51 % of the private company shares within the framework of privatization laws in iran , pointing out that other companies were excluded from the competition , " for security considerations " .
last september , a consortium bought " the adoption of maupin , " which includes three companies , 51 % of the shares of the iranian telecommunications company .
since then , press reports indicated that one of the consortium members belong to a branch of the revolutionary guards , which contradicts the idea of privatization in itself .
mustafa bour mohammadi , head of the iranian organization for scrutiny , the daily tehran emrouz said , " " we have conducted studies on the problem of items ( in the agreement ) and will get the bodies of privatization and the stock market " .
iran 's stock exchange sold most of the government to communications company shares worth about 7 billion dollars , in the largest allocation in the era of the islamic republic , as , according to the official television in september 27 .
the secretary general of the ruling national democratic party in egypt , safwat al-sharif , said that his party faces a challenge in the two houses of parliament in the coming elections , stressing the party 's ability to push forward the new generations to shoulder responsibility , and declared that the party was carried out by members of the season after committing crimes against society , confirmed that " the party will not be allowed to use any party leadership power or hiding any corrupt " .
al-sharif said , in a meeting of the women 's secretariat of the party on sunday , with the participation of minister of manpower and the family and population , that the main challenge for the party in the two houses of parliament elections , next year , is a good choice of candidates and abide by these choices . " within the framework of the party 's eagerness to free and transparent elections and clean under all standards of observation and confidence in the egyptian citizen " .
al-sharif stressed that the national party " against corruption and rejects all corrupt and does not allow him to be present in the party " .
he said that the party 's office dismissed a number of the party members ( did not name them ) who committed crimes against the community . " the party will not be allowed to use any of the powerful party leadership or hiding any corrupt " .
he said that the rate of change in the party units , which is the largest party organizational base across the country , reached 65 % and that the rate of change of these units reached 38 % , and this is evidence of the renewal of his blood and his ability to push forward the new generations to shoulder responsibility , pointing out that the ruling party will witness intensive political activity during the coming stage .
saudi arabia yesterday renewed emphasis on preventing those who are less than 12 years of age and more than 65 years of pilgrimage , explaining that the responsibility to prevent delegations wishing to perform the pilgrimage to the saudi territories rests with their countries , as it will not prevent any violation of these instructions to its lands to perform the pilgrimage .
the saudi ministry of pilgrimage said it informed all concerned countries that benefited from the pilgrims to abide by the recommendations of the workshop on the prevention of swine flu epidemic in the pilgrimage season this year , through the dissemination of official described it as " very important " .
in addition , said dr. sahl صبان , assistant undersecretary for hajj pilgrims to " asharq al-awsat " : " determining the age of pilgrims coming this year from the responsibility of their countries , and saudi arabia do not oblige them to specific age but ask them to abide by that " .
on the other hand , the saudi ministry of pilgrimage informed all official pilgrimage missions during meetings with them , due to their health conditions to ensure the health of pilgrims , and maintain their safety and prevent them from swine flu , and other epidemics and contagious diseases .
returning to the recommendations to the necessity of taking preventive vaccine virus ( H1N1 ) sales , known as swine flu to all pilgrims and residents of the holy places , and those who work in the service of pilgrims , if available and approval from the scientific community , and seasonal flu vaccine , before traveling to the holy places in two weeks at least .
prince khalid bin sultan , assistant minister of defense of saudi arabia said that saudi crown prince sultan bin abdul aziz , in good health and has passed the stage of medical treatment to convalescence .
prince khalid aziz referred to the joint exercises are still going on between saudi arabia and french air force air force mission in the coming military air base , stressing that saudi arabia 's desire to strengthen strategic ties and cooperation between it and france in all fields .
no saudi assistant minister of defense for any additional defense contracts with france , but he left the door open for such developments in the future , according to the needs of saudi arabia and its priorities .
prince khaled 's statements came during an inspection visit yesterday to saudi arabia in the coming military base where air mission since the beginning of this month to carry out joint military exercises with units from the french air force .
will remain saudi force which participates in training , " green shield 2 " until the nineteenth of this month as a date for their return to saudi arabia in a direct flight from coming to taif last seven hours , during which it will provide the planes with fuel in the air .
involving six saudi fighter planes of the " 15 " and 14 pilots and technical and logistical teams as a whole .
custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abd al-aziz , yesterday , in al-yamama palace , prince turki bin abdullah bin abdul rahman , prince khalid bin saud al-kabir , who expressed his thanks and appreciation for his condolences and his condolences for the death of their mother , " may god have mercy on her , " .
the custodian of the two holy mosques called on god almighty to grant the deceased broad mercy and is inhabited by paradise , and that inspires its people and their families patience and solace . the reception was attended by prince saud al-faisal , the foreign minister , and a number of officials .
on the other hand , the custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abd al-aziz , dr. hamad bin suleiman al-bazi , deputy here new saudi finance minister , on the occasion of his appointment in his new position with excellent rank , during his meeting with him yesterday in al-yamama palace in riyadh , asking god almighty to grant him what he was assigned to work , in the service of his religion and homeland .
while dr. al-bazaai expressed his thanks and appreciation to king abdullah on property trust , calling on god almighty to help him to have good thought leadership , the reception was attended by prince saud al-faisal , dr. ibrahim al-assaf , minister of finance , and a number of officials .
yesterday the people of nahr al-bared camp for palestinian refugees in north lebanon in martyrs square in central beirut , staged a sit-in at the invitation of " the civil advocacy of nahr al-bared camp , " and to call for the resumption of the reconstruction work in the camp , which was destroyed during the war witnessed in may 2007 against the " fatah al-islam " .
during the digging operations , historic monuments discovered in the camp , the cabinet decided to close it and continue construction operations , but the bloc of " change and reform , " headed by mp michel aoun , made an appeal on the decision before the state consultative council suspended construction agent in waiting for the issuance of the resolution .
participated in the sit-in hundreds of camps in lebanon , and representatives of the lebanese society , and the leadership of the palestinian resistance factions , led by a member of the palestinian national council ali faisal , an official of the popular front in lebanon marwan abdul aal .
the demonstrators raised banners and slogans calling for " an end to the suffering of the people of the camp ( of nahr al-bared ) through accelerating the reconstruction process " , in addition to the flags of palestine and lebanon .
jumana demanded marie , speaking on behalf of the lebanese civil society organizations , the lebanese government to " immediately start the reconstruction of nahr al-bared " .
coordinated appealed to " the civil advocacy " nawal hassan , the heads of the republic general michel suleiman , parliament speaker nabih berri , and the government of fouad siniora , business management , " fairly cold sons who stood by the lebanese army in eliminating terrorism , and immediate intervention to speed up the reconstruction of the camp and put an end to the suffering of more than 40 thousand palestinians displaced from nahr al-bared camp " .
after about three months of their withdrawal from basra towards their bases in kuwait , it is to be hoped that the british forces back again to complete its tasks in training and qualifying the iraqi forces and protect oil platforms in a force of one hundred soldiers , and comes after the approval of the iraqi parliament yesterday on the security agreement between the two countries , which organizes the presence of these forces in iraq .
the last british forces withdrew from iraq at the end of last july after the failure of the iraqi council of representatives then passed the convention .
mp abbas al-bayati of the unified iraqi coalition and a member of the security and defense committee in the house of representatives said : " we were today ( yesterday ) to vote on iraqi security pact british law , and has won the vote of the majority " .
he added that the voting session witnessed the withdrawal of the sadrist bloc that opposes this agreement strongly , " but their withdrawal did not affect the quorum and did not hinder the council vote " , according to the news agency " reuters " .
it will allow the convention to one hundred of british soldiers with their full several civilian support staff presence in the shatt al-arab waters for a period of one year from the date of the ratification of the convention for the protection of the iraqi oil platforms , in addition to the training of the iraqi forces on how to protect these platforms .
the french public prosecution ordered to deposit the french - algerian physicist engineer called adlan " e " in prison after being charged with several charges , the most important of which is the relationship with " a gang of evil linked to terrorist " projects .
the judge directed christophe تيسيه these official charges against him , will have to spend french sufficient time to conduct a thorough investigation could last for several months after it offers this engineer who was working in the nuclear research center in geneva to trial .
he was arrested late last week with his younger brother , older , and seized from their home computers and cds , usb keys .
however , the competent authorities confirmed that he was not found in the house that weapons or explosive materials or what to do with acts of sabotage .
last saturday , were evacuated for younger brother as he did not find the public prosecutor 's office or a judge تيسيه to charges .
adlan is 32 years old and is a specialist in nuclear engineering " .
according to the research center in geneva that the detainee was not in its work soon nuclear material that could be used in terrorist acts .
according to information available in paris , adlan was under control since more than a year after reaching the french information from american intelligence agencies about the relations of the detainee stays with terrorist groups .
the iraqi parliament , yesterday , continued its discussions of the election law amid a challenge requires the completion of the discussion and approval of the latest tomorrow .
the parliamentarians ended their meeting to discuss a proposal to amend law no. 16 of 2005 , the house of representatives election law
a number of them called for not postponing the elections , scheduled to be held in next january 16 . discussing the election law comes at a time when being questioned senior officials of the election commission charges of forgery and fraud in the results of the provincial elections that took place last january .
mp ali al-alaq said that " postponing the elections on time is the confiscation of the rights of citizens and harm the political process " , stressing the " necessity of adopting the open list system " , also warned that the delay of amending the law would lead to damage to the political process and stressing equitable distribution of the number of seats in the governorates .
there are several disagreements over the election law , the most prominent of which is the elections in kirkuk city disputed between arabs , kurds and turkmen .
disagreement also emerged recently about the adoption of open or closed lists .
syrian foreign minister walid al-muallem told asharq al-awsat that " the syrian - saudi relations warm and those who are not satisfied with the holding of the syrian - saudi summit is in lebanon and other lebanon ... " .
teacher 's comment came in response to what was reported in some lebanese media about the presence of coolness in syrian - saudi relations after the syrian saudi summit , and syria 's attitude of turkey 's decision to cancel air maneuvers with israel .
muallem said that syria " supports and encourages turkey to such measures as a result of the continuation of the aggression on the palestinian people in gaza and the continuation of its occupation of the arab territories " . he added that it is natural that syria welcomes this decision because it , as a neighbor of turkish , worry about these exercises , " and it is natural that syria is pleased that israel is still assault on the palestinian people and the al-aqsa mosque and continue the blockade on gaza and hinder the peace process " .
muallem made the remarks on the sidelines of the first meeting of the ministers of the supreme council of the syrian - turkish strategic cooperation .
the teacher said to " asharq al-awsat that syria is open to a strong strategic relations with turkey and that the ties between the two countries are strong , based on the reality of geography , history , and social ties .
addressing the syrian - turkish ministerial meeting , which began its work yesterday , inter alia , addressed the issue of the political , military and security cooperation , where they discussed expanding and strengthening military cooperation between them in the framework of the adana agreement between the two countries . both syria and turkey have held joint military maneuvers and is expected to hold a new maneuver next friday .
palestinian foreign minister riyad al-maliki on thursday called for more support for the recommendations of the report of the united nations controversial condemning israel 's position during its war on gaza , during a debate in the security council next week . al-maliki said " we call on all states to express their views ( during the session of 14 october ) , and to focus on the importance of the approval of the recommendations of this report " .
judge richard goldstone report accuses israel of committing " war crimes and possible crimes against humanity " during the war in the gaza strip in december and january in the past .
the report recommends that also accused hamas , which controls the gaza strip , the two sides to hold an investigation into the events that took place during that war .
it also recommends that the security council to review the public prosecutor of the criminal court in case it did not achieve any progress within six months in the investigation , which will be conducted by each of the two parties .
al-maliki said that he will personally present to the security council the palestinian viewpoint on the recommendations of the report goldstone during a discussion on wednesday .
the independent research center conducted wide search " pew research center " and published thursday in the united states showed that the followers of the islamic religion represent a quarter of the population of the earth almost any 1,57 billion people .
according to the study , which collected information from more than two hundred countries and considered by the american center , " the largest project of this kind until the moment " that about two thirds of muslims live in asia .
the study also pointed out that one out of every five muslims living in the middle east or in north africa , although muslims represent a majority in more than half of the countries in the region .
indonesia is the country that has the largest number of muslims in the world and about 203 million people ( 88 % of the population ) and they represent about 13 % of muslims in the world .
the number of muslims in pakistan to reach 174 million people ( 96 % of the population ) in india , approximately 161 million people ( 13 , 4% from well-being ) n .
meanwhile , members of the sunni sect in the world represents a rate ranging between 87 and 97 % to ten to 13 percent of the followers of the shiite sect who lived seventy million of them in iran .
egypt has the largest number of muslims in the region consisting of the near east and north africa in nigeria includes the largest proportion of muslims living in sub-saharan africa .
the pew reported that about 38 million muslims living in europe , including 16 million in russia and four million in germany and 3 , 5 million muslims in france .
the number of muslims in the us up to 6 million people , more than half of them ( 2 , 5 million muslims ) living in the united states .
comment اورتواين , vice president ( of exxonmobil development korean reinsurance company ) and a member of the advisory board of glaxosmithkline 's women 's economic opportunity initiative ( initiative exxonmobil to provide economic opportunities for women ) , saying : " it is said the results reached after the discussion was that when providing economic opportunities for women .
the scope of opportunities in the usual room to reach the others .
where opportunities are involved in one goal is to raise the standard of living for many , that will be the return on investment in women returning multidimensional ,
provide social benefits widespread represented in greater economic growth and less poverty . "
exxonmobil hosted the roundtable , which bore the title " of women as an economic power " , which was held on the last day of the seventh summit of the corporate council on africa ( cca ) ( employment opportunities between the united states and africa ) , which will be held every two years , which bore the name : identifying the african force investment .
the participants in the round table pointed to the opportunities that help boost economic growth in africa and unleashing the economic potential of women .
this meeting came as the first meeting of its kind in the summit will focus on the economic role of women , participated in this meeting , more than 1500 participants , including heads of state and government officials and heads of companies from all over the world .
the most prominent of those who participated in the round table , milan فرفير , american ambassador wandering on global women 's affairs in the us department of state , eunice كاظمبي , minister of trade and private sector development , malawi , dr. jennifer riria-ouko , executive director of the kenyan fund for financing women and deputy chairman of the women 's world banking institution , dr. emeka nwankwo , executive director of the company فرتيكل اوبتيميزاشن llc , and ka and otherwise , director of company strategies , which is one of the largest companies owned by women in cameroon . - advisory , which compete in the african markets .
us newspapers believes that barack obama , who " embarrassed his " winning the nobel peace prize , is facing a critical stage on the internal arena is the need to take a decision on sending or not to send reinforcements to afghanistan , and the need to settle the issue of reforming the health system .
a few hours after being awarded the nobel prize for peace us president wore the uniform of the supreme commander of the army and held its fourth meeting of the military council to hold crucial discussions on the strategy that should be adopted in afghanistan .
an official in the us administration told afp that " the president held lengthy talks about politics and security in afghanistan and on the options to build a strategy that would push things forward " .
obama invited during the coming weeks to take one of the most important decisions of his term .
before the deterioration of the situation on the ground , will have to decide to deploy or not the deployment of tens of thousands of additional troops , as demanded by the us and international forces commander in afghanistan general stanley mcchrystal .
marina ottaway of the carnegie endowment for peace research group for radio . the bbc . r , said that obama 's getting the nobel peace prize for " his exceptional efforts in order to promote international diplomatic and cooperation between peoples , " " it is difficult for him more than any time before the declaration of sending military reinforcements " to afghanistan .
the expert said , " at the same time , all indications that he does not want to do so in a first stage " .
the us special envoy to the middle east george mitchell met palestinian prime minister salam fayyad on saturday , according to a palestinian official source in ramallah ( west bank ) .
no statement was issued at the end of this meeting , which took place in the headquarters of the american consulate general in west jerusalem .
mitchell , who intensified his visits to the region in recent months , on friday reiterated washington 's support for the coexistence of israel and a palestinian state at the end of talks with israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
according to israeli public radio , will meet mitchell on saturday night in jerusalem , two of netanyahu 's advisers to discuss with them in moving the peace negotiations and if his mission will be held amid an atmosphere of pessimism .
according to a source close to the palestinian authority , it may be held on sunday a new meeting with netanyahu .
fayyad presented in august programme of action provides for the establishment of a palestinian state from now until the year 2011 without waiting for the end of the negotiations with israel , which was quick to reject any unilateral declaration of a similar state .
the secretary general of hezbollah , hassan nasrallah , one of the leaders of the parliamentary minority in lebanon , welcomed mp walid jumblatt , one of the leaders of the majority , during a rare meeting took place between them on friday night . on saturday , the joint syrian - saudi to form a government in lebanon .
a joint statement issued at the end of the meeting that " with regard to the syrian - saudi summit , said the two sides have positive find this great meeting ( ... )
from here to welcome any initiative for the formation of the lebanese government and the latest saudi syrian joint calls to overcome the crisis in lebanon and the formation of a government of national unity " .
the statement added that the two sides " agreed on the need to overcome the obstacles that prevent the creation of this venerable government as soon as possible " .
the last meeting between the two leaders of the shiite and druze last june 19 when he held the first meeting between them since three years .
during the clashes that took place in may 2008 between the majority and minority supporters in several areas of lebanon , bloody battles took place in areas of the majority of the druze in mount lebanon , between hezbollah fighters and supporters of the progressive socialist party , led by jumblatt .
the joint declaration comes two days after the syrian saudi summit that hezbollah confirmed that it is of " exceptional importance " .
syrian president bashar al-asad and the saudi monarch , king abdullah bin abd al-aziz confirmed on thursday in damascus rapprochement between the two countries after years of tension , and stressed the necessity of forming a national unity government in lebanon .
egypt recorded a point in favor of france 's acceptance to return to five pharaonic wall paintings dating back to more than 3 thousand years were in the louvre museum , but an attempt to restore antiques presented in other big museums in the world has not succeeded yet .
the head of the egyptian supreme council of antiquities zahi hawass , who made the restoration of antiques that came from egypt , his main concern , announced on wednesday to suspend cooperation with the louvre museum unless the five " stolen artifacts " to egypt .
this resolution is a great degree of importance , as cairo had severed its ties in the past with three museums including the museum of san luis , but this is the first time that the us will take this action with a major institution like the louvre .
the director of international cooperation in the supreme council for antiquities said gihan zaki told afp that artifacts found in the louvre " should return to the egyptian territories because it is part of our cultural heritage and because it is a very important scientifically " .
france confirmed that it will be done quickly to restore antiques five extracted from the 18 noble family graves in the western land in luxor .
the louvre museum director henry lorrette said that " these effects should never leave their original place " .
back to restore these pieces to the effort by zahi hawass , as a top priority since he took office in 2002 to restore egypt to its heritage .
hawass said in january , " what was stolen from us must be returned " .
but the return of these paintings , which is presented each of them 15 centimeters and 30 centimeters high does not mean that it is the beginning of the return of other more important antiques .
china , japan and north korea on saturday called for " a quick resumption " of the six-party talks on the north korean nuclear file , operators also broader regional cooperation on other topics , including climate .
chinese prime minister wen jiabao on saturday at the people 's palace in the chinese capital received his japanese counterpart yukio hatoyama , south korean president lee myung-bak in the framework of the mini - summit , which is the second after the first summit held in december in fukuoka in japan .
the talks focused especially on the north korean nuclear issue .
the leaders of the three countries said in a joint statement , " we are still committed to dialogue and negotiations and continue to work by peaceful means in order to continue to make the korean peninsula free from nuclear weapons " .
he added , " we will make joint efforts with other parties for a quick resumption of the six-party talks in order to maintain peace and stability in northeast asia and the building of asia enjoys peace and harmony and prosperity " .
north korea withdrew , which carried out nuclear tests carried out by firing rockets , in april of the six-party talks involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia after the imposition of sanctions on it by the united nations .
china sponsors these negotiations that started in the year 2003 with the aim of convincing pyongyang to abandon its nuclear ambitions .
beijing is a close ally of north korea , but it opposes the race for nuclear weapons in the region .
wen briefed the japanese and south korean officials on his visit at the beginning of the week to pyongyang , where he confirmed the north korean leader kim jong il resuming negotiations on condition that his country 's intention to hold a direct dialogue with the united states .
wen told reporters after the mini - summit , " we have a chance , and we must not let it pass , " , stressing that north korea showed " flexibility " .
" no north korea hopes to improve its relations with the united states , but also with japan and south korea " .
on his part , the south korean president said that " the presence of kim jong il here today was going to be a good thing " .
he confirmed that " north korea must know that the objective is not to resume the six-party negotiations , but its participation in the operation and abandon its nuclear program " .
japanese prime minister said hatoyama , who is on his first visit to china since he took office last month , with the importance attached by his country to the problem of japanese who were kidnapped north korean intelligence in the seventies and the eighties of the last century to teach japanese language to pyongyang 's agents .
the three parties said " they want to work together ... in order to contribute to the success of the copenhagen conference " on climate change , which will be held in december .
china , one of the most states caused by pollution , refuses to impose conditions on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions , and calls upon the industrialized countries to shoulder their historic responsibilities calling it also provide financial assistance to developing countries in this regard .
a prominent leader in hamas movement confirmed sunday that no agreement on a new date for the session of the dialogue , which is scheduled to be held during the signing of a reconciliation agreement between hamas and fatah movements .
khalil live , member of the political bureau of hamas , said in a speech before thousands of students in a festival organized by the student wing of hamas in the islamic university in gaza " to support the al-aqsa mosque " that " no agreement ( between hamas and egypt ) on a specific date for the signing of the agreement ( of reconciliation ) " .
he said live amid clapping " the decision of reconciliation ... irreversible and we pay it forward and create the conditions and the atmosphere and are looking for the best time to sign a reconciliation agreement that reconciliation in the interest of everyone " .
he stressed that " jerusalem is the title of our case and we are preparing the mujahideen ( ... in order to be the next jerusalem army " .
egypt presented a proposal to the hamas movement delegation leader during a meeting on saturday " to end the crisis , " after the movement 's request to postpone the date of the signing of the reconciliation agreement , which was scheduled for 26 october , protesting against the withdrawal of the goldstone report from the discussions .
the united nations council for human rights decided to postpone a vote on the goldstone report to its next session , which will be held in march 2010 .
the report in particular , accuses israel of committing " war crimes " during its offensive in the gaza strip , which lasted from the seventh and the twentieth of december 18 last january , killing more than 1400 palestinians , most of them civilians , according to palestinian medical sources .
the united nations stabilization mission in haiti on monday , announced that the bodies of eleven elements of the forces of the united nations ( six of uruguay and five from jordan ) were killed friday in a plane crash of the united nations in haiti , will be transferred on friday to their countries .
the mission said that it will be held a farewell ceremony for the victims on tuesday morning in a camp for brazilian soldiers belonging to the united nations .
in a statement , the mission said that " the bodies of the victims were recovered from the site of the accident last saturday and moved to port-au-prince , in preparation for their return to their countries after a farewell ceremony directly " .
eleven soldiers were carrying out a reconnaissance mission near the borders of the dominican republic when their plane crashed at the foot of the mountain .
haitian prime minister michele pierre - louis , offered his condolences to the members of the united nations mission and to the families of the victims , and called for opening an investigation into the incident , as his office said sunday in a statement .
will arrive investigators from uruguay , jordan and the united nations experts to haiti to determine the causes of the accident .
he also said the united nations mission in haiti , indicating that " security measures imposed on the scene and will remain under observation in order to gather all necessary information for the investigation " .
the palestinian government said monday night at the end of a meeting in ramallah that the latest round of the american envoy to the middle east george mitchell " did not lead to tangible progress " .
according to the statement issued by the palestinian government and which agence france presse received a copy of it , that the recent visit of mitchell , " despite its importance , did not lead to tangible progress in efforts to launch the political process and ensure its success " .
the palestinian government said that the israeli government is responsible for the absence of this progress , " due to its intransigent position and its refusal to abide by the clear and specific reference to that process , as it refuses to implement the required benefits , according to set a road map plan " .
the number of these benefits , " in the forefront of which is comprehensive and complete cessation of settlement activities , especially in the occupied jerusalem and its surroundings , stopping invasions , in addition to lifting the siege imposed on our people , especially in the gaza strip , including the national authority can start implementing programmes for the reconstruction of the gaza strip , according to the commitments of sharm el-sheikh " ( egypt ) .
the statement said that the palestinian government " expresses its support for the position announced by president mahmoud abbas on the requirements for the success of international efforts to launch a serious political process and credible guarantee an end to the israeli occupation of all the palestinian territories occupied since 1967 , in the forefront of which is the occupied city of jerusalem and to enable our people to self-determination in an independent state with full sovereignty and east jerusalem as its capital as a key to peace , stability and security in the region " .
turkey on monday called on the european union to produce a fair outcome of the progress achieved by ankara with a view to its possible accession to the european union , in its annual report on reforms in this country , which is expected to be issued this week .
deputy prime minister cemil cicek told reporters after a meeting of the government said that turkey expects from the european union that " reflects his report in an objective and balanced manner all the reforms and important initiatives that we have throughout the year " .
cicek , who is also the spokesman of the government , to join the european union , " is considered a strategic goal for turkey and the priority for the government " .
he added that the european union cannot " ignore turkey 's determination ... and the contribution that will be presented to the union when it becomes a member of the full capacity " .
european diplomatic sources said in brussels that the latter will be directed criticism to turkey on some basic rights , but it will adopt a calm tone on the issue of cyprus , for fear of influencing the sensitive negotiations on the island 's reunification .
a diplomatic source told agence france presse that in the report that will be issued on october 14 , the european commission criticizes turkey for the freedom of the press and also " the freedom of religion and honor crimes and lack of respect for certain basic rights " .
on the other hand , the commission welcomed the normalization agreements between turkey and armenia . the commission said on saturday after the signing of these agreements in zurich that what happened is " a courageous step ... toward peace and stability in the south caucasus region , and historic decision shows the willingness of both sides ( to reach ) a settlement " .
ankara began negotiations on 11 chapters out of 35 , including the negotiations of joining the european union .
stumbling negotiations , especially due to the reluctance of many of the countries of the european union concerning the principle of turkey 's membership , in the forefront of which france and germany , which call for granting ankara privileged partnership only .
the french military vessel " to bamuze arrived " on sunday to the commercial port in wadi in the northern suburb of the tunisian capital and carrying arab and foreign creators in a tour in order to " support the dialogue between the two sides of the mediterranean . "
the journey started with the initiative of the french writer daniel رندو in the seventh of october from the port of malta with the participation of more than 25 writers , poets and cinema , journalists and representatives of eight arab and european countries and seventeen days continue .
the participants in this " symbolic flight and the attempt of political and moral dimensions " , according to the organizers of the egyptian poet salah state and french historian francois hartog and his compatriot journalist john daniel said , the algerian writer salim paci; and greek takis تيودوروبولوس .
the trip , which aims to the organizers chose the slogan " written elisa " or queen ديدون carthage foundation 814 bc to " find new ways to develop dialogue and support the exchange between the two shores of the mediterranean , " within the framework of the french project for the establishment of the union for the mediterranean , which aspires to join the mediterranean basin countries including israel , according to what the organizers announced in pine afp obtained a copy of it .
judicial and security sources , said that the basque separatist leader arnaldo otegi was arrested on tuesday with eight other activists suspected of attempting to " form the leadership of batasuna , " the outlawed political wing of eta .
activist detained other than suspected in belonging to the leadership of batasuna , while it was trying to hide documents . a judicial source said that otheguy and four activists , including personal historical basque leader separation of the syndicate . any . the bbc 's rafael diez اوسابياغا , had been arrested in san sebastian ( in the basque country , north ) in this syndicate headquarters where they were holding a secret meeting .
the interior ministry said in the evening that four others " were leaders in the separatist left " , were arrested , two in ارناني in the basque country and two in بامبيلون navar .
has ordered the arrest of the investigation judge in madrid , baltasar garzon , who suspected that these activists since the beginning of the year , " the composition of the leadership of batasuna tried through adherence to instructions eta " , a judicial source told afp .
batasuna banned in spain since 2003 due to its relations with the armed eta organization , which is its political arm .
the police elements after a secret meeting in the headquarters of the syndicate . any intervention . the bbc , where search operations were held in the evening .
he added " we will proceed with reconciliation led by egypt until the last moment , and today we have announced that we will go for this particular to cairo , we know their positions and we know that they invent reasons and searching for pretexts , but this is not the first time that absent from the dialogue , but they came this time to succeed under the pretext of goldstone 's report " .
" today , egypt said come to reconciliation , and i am sure that tomorrow and the day after tomorrow will invent any reason and any means and any excuse to not go to cairo , because they are comfortable with their dark emirate " .
it was scheduled to sign a reconciliation agreement between fatah and hamas in 26 of the current month under egyptian sponsorship in cairo but the islamic movement asked to postpone the dialogue session after the approval of the palestinian authority to withdraw goldstone report that accuses israel of committing war crimes in gaza from the un human rights council discussions at the beginning of the month .
the egyptian paper that is supposed to be signed by the palestinian factions , the agreement on a number of issues to achieve reconciliation , including the holding of elections in the middle of next year .
the secretary of the executive committee of the liberation organization yasser abd rabbo said in the same press conference that " the egyptians asked president abbas issued a decree in the fourth and the twentieth of this month , in which he will determine the date of the elections in june " .
" frankly , we accepted the egyptian proposal , but as part of a complete package " .
" if you do n't accept the full package , including the date of the elections in the twenty eighth of next june , will go back to the origin of the announcement of elections on the twenty fifth of january " .
there are fears in the palestinian street that hamas movement would prevent holding any palestinian elections in the gaza strip , which is controlled by the if there is no agreement with them , which could be devoted to the split between gaza and the west bank .
abd rabbo accused hamas movement of trying to exploit the postponement of the goldstone report " to evade the signing of the convention on internal palestinian reconciliation ... regional incitement " .
he blamed " regional powers , some of which are arab and other non - arab , does not want the palestinian march success , but we want to be distracted in internal conflict will lead to self - destruction " .
abd rabbo revealed that these parties saying , " no dinner in damascus , and not a lunch in tehran , and no breakfast in doha is able to lose the palestinian card from our hands " .
the political bureau chief of the hamas movement , khaled mashaal launched a scathing attack on the palestinian authority and its president in a speech he delivered on sunday evening in damascus .
abd rabbo said " in a speech of damascus last dinner for mr. khaled mashaal showed what we have information that the regional parties have been instructed to hamas movement to disrupt the internal palestinian agreement draft " .
hamas movement called in a statement on tuesday to " expose the murder of " yousef abu zuhri 's brother , a leader in hamas movement in gaza sami abu zahri in one of the egyptian prisons .
a spokesman for the egyptian ministry of the interior , major general hamdi abdel karim hastened to announce tuesday that yousef abu zahri , " died as a result of the fall in the heart and is a natural death " .
a hamas statement called on " egyptian and arab human rights organizations to shoulder its responsibilities and expose the crime and to take all necessary measures to investigate and bring the criminals to justice " .
the movement declared that it " deplores and condemns the death under torture " , and demanded " the officials in egypt to investigate this incident and its circumstances and punish those responsible for the death of the martyr yousef abu zuhri said " .
the statement also called on " the egyptian leadership to immediately release political prisoners and on top of them the brother leader ayman nawfal before they spend in prison as a result of a similar torture , especially that concern now is more on the lives of all the palestinian prisoners in the prisons of egypt " .
according to a blog on the internet carries the name of " freedom to blog nawfal : " " egyptian security services detained nawfal mid january 2008 , before the collapse of the border between gaza and egypt and accused him of illegal entry of its lands " . this code ayman nawfal describes as " قسامي " any belongs to izzeddine al-qassem brigades , the military wing of hamas movement .
sergeant in the us army joshua olson again returned to iraq after he left in 2003 , after he was injured seriously considering that what has been achieved after six years confirms that " the sacrifices were not in vain " .
olson was seriously injured in his right thigh , left for iraq with seven others injured .
these people are in " the process of leaving the supervisor " of the week-long go through on " the changes that have been made by virtue of their sacrifices " .
us forces received olson and his companions last sunday in camp victory , one of the biggest us bases in iraq near baghdad international airport .
the festive welcome ceremony in the palace , " fao organized " one of the headquarters of the former president saddam hussein , and was known to every one of them with the words " you warrior " in conjunction with applause and praise that they are the most loyal .
says olson ( 30 years old ) , who was injured by the splinters of a missile type " rpg in the town of tal afar northwest iraq " i wanted to go back again because i could not complete the mission being left " iraq .
" i hope that my sacrifice , like the rest of the americans , not in vain for iraqis ... and will bring them democracy and give them a normal life " .
olson believes that the situation has improved thanks to their sacrifices so that " we no longer hear shooting every five minutes as in the past , calm prevails now " .
" i saw the buildings under construction and commercial stores , " working on the road to the airport .
the lebanese army said on tuesday that one citizen was injured in an explosion that took place yesterday evening in a house in southern lebanon , noting that an investigation is underway " to uncover the circumstances of the incident , " while hezbollah confirmed that the explosion took place in a house belonging to one of its elements .
the guidance directorate in the army said in a statement " on monday night , a bomb exploded in one of the homes of bird فلسيه and led to the injury of a citizen injured " .
" immediately hit the army forces cordoned off the scene and launched a specialized committee to investigate the circumstances of the incident " .
hezbollah said in a statement that " the explosion took place in a house of one of the brothers in the town of karaj tair فلسيه , resulting in the injury of one person was injured when he was taken to the hospital for treatment " .
hezbollah said that " the investigation is underway to know the nature of the explosion and its causes " . the shiite party said in a statement that " the talk about the presence of martyrs is baseless talk about health " , in response to press reports indicated that the destruction of the building and a number of casualties .
bird فلسيه ( 20 km east of tyre in southern lebanon is located ) on the southern bank of the litani river in the region covered by the international resolution 1701 under which stopped military operations between israel and hezbollah in the summer of 2006 . under the reinforced international emergency forces ( unifil ) and the army in this region .
barack obama and nicolas sarkozy on wednesday held telephone talks on the iranian nuclear file , and the american president emphasized the necessity of establishing a unified front , while his french counterpart expressed hope that " decisive progress , as presidential said .
the white house said that the two presidents stressed " the need to maintain a unified international approach to deal with iran 's nuclear ambitions " .
on his part , chirac said that they " expressed their hope that the dialogue will lead to decisive progress in the coming weeks , in line with the international commitments to iran , said that iran 's cooperation will be evaluated before the end of the year " .
also discussed the issue of climate change and prepare for the copenhagen summit , in a telephone call that the white house described as " cordial and constructive " .
the french presidency said that " the two presidents agreed to intensify consultations between france and the european union and the united states with a view to contributing to the success of the copenhagen summit " .
western powers suspect iran is seeking to acquire nuclear weapons under the pretext of civil nuclear program , and this is what tehran denies .
in the first october in geneva , iran pledged to facilitate the international inspectors access to its new location to enrich uranium near the city of qom ( center ) .
will start negotiations on october 19 in vienna on the possibility of iranian uranium enrichment in other countries , which may reduce the risk of developing a nuclear program for military purposes .
the united nations conference on climate change to be held between 7 and 18 december in copenhagen in an attempt to reach a new agreement on reducing greenhouse gas emissions as an alternative to the kyoto protocol , which is to expire in 2013 .
israeli foreign minister avigdor lieberman asked wednesday night summoned turkish ambassador in israel in protest against the establishment of the turkish state television broadcast a series of israel considered that " encourages hatred " of the jewish state .
a statement by the israeli foreign ministry on wednesday night , said that " the minister 's request to summon the turkish ambassador in israel to protest against broadcast television series urges hatred of israel in the turkish television " .
the statement added that " the minister considered that the broadcasting of this series urges the highest degree of hatred , and it also enjoys the patronage of the state " .
the statement indicated that " this series has nothing to do whatsoever with the reality and make the israeli soldiers that they the killers of children ( palestinian ) .
it does not deserve to be broadcast even in a hostile country ( to israel ) and certainly not in a country maintains full diplomatic relations with israel " .
israeli television networks broadcast pictures of weekly series on wednesday night in the turkish official television seems to be an israeli soldier shoots fire intentionally on a small girl was killed and smiles .
another program provides a bullet video slowly fired by an israeli soldier hit another palestinian children .
strained relations between israel and turkey in recent months after the unprecedented criticisms directed by turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan to israel as a result of the attack on the gaza strip last winter , which left more than 1400 people dead , as palestinian medical sources said .
chinese president hu jintao said wednesday that the " strategic partnership " between china and russia is experiencing " a new historic breakthrough " , on the last day of a visit to china by russian prime minister vladimir putin .
hu jintao also quoted the chinese official radio said during his talks with putin that " the sino-russian strategic partnership is currently witnessing a new historic breakthrough and the prospects of more broadly available to us " .
he added that " china is willing to make efforts with the russian side to strengthen strategic consultation on international issues of political , economic and security dimension and others , and to move forward in cooperation on major commercial projects , and in the fields of energy and advanced technology " .
putin 's visit that lasted three days ended tuesday with the signing of contracts worth several billion dollars , in addition to some of the cooperation agreements .
after his talks tuesday with his chinese counterpart wen jiabao , putin praised what he considered the level of " unprecedented " understanding between the two countries , after years of tension during the cold war .
on wednesday , the heads of government of the six member states of the shanghai cooperation organization ( , china and russia , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan and uzbekistan ) , who met in beijing , as well as representatives of the countries that enjoy observers ( mongolia , iran , india and pakistan ) , a document on strategies to be adopted in the face of the crisis and prepare beyond , without revealing .
since about thirty years , ethiopia sent a protest to egypt , to dig a canal peace , on the pretext that it would transfer the nile water to israel , and egypt at the time that it is categorically denied , and some saw that just thinking about it is considered a violation of national security .
a few weeks ago the opposite happened , where some egyptian media accused ethiopia of planning to transport nile water to israel , and was surprised by the ethiopian minister of water from this allegation , saying in tone marred by blame and condemnation : the nile has no wings to fly and change its course in the direction of israel and there is another point some egyptian media accused to ethiopia , which is that it has huge dams for development work on the blue nile , which could hinder the flow of the nile water to egypt , the ethiopian prime minister denied this allegation also on many occasions .
in order to cut the ethiopian government doubt with certainty , decided to confirm denied these allegations in a practical manner on the ground , it has since years to host the egyptian and sudanese minister of irrigation and irrigation minister some experts .
and then to host the media and senior egyptian parliamentary delegation , including officials and national and party and independent newspapers editors and members of the people 's assembly and shura council , and all the helicopters flew over the ethiopian nile , sure that there is no alleged that large dams .
dr. ahmed nazif , the prime minister is accompanied by ministers of health , housing , tourism and investment , culture , transport and local development with a visit to the city of luxor next saturday during which he will open a number of service projects in the city .
it also follows a project to develop the nile corniche , which starts work on its implementation in next november .
the prime minister during the visit to hear an explanation from dr. samir farag , chairman of the supreme council of luxor , most of what has been implemented in a plan to establish new tourist al-marsa , as the first project to serve tourists and tourism of ambulance service river opens in egypt and to serve the sick and wounded floating hotels in western and eastern brian , where were the establishment of two ambulances and equipping them with all modern ambulance services .
it also opens the building of health insurance , which is a cultural shift , especially after the development that happened 52 health units and strengthen the city with 40 new car to become luxor central region in the ambulance and finally join high river rescue .
nazif is to inspect the facilities network information center , which is to provide all data and maps and information on all utilities ( water networks , electricity , sewage , gas - phones ) with digital maps on computers where this comes to complete the project of the electronic government project , which began in luxor three years ago to develop all the information infrastructure of the supreme council of luxor , to be one of the first provinces nationwide in this area .
cabinet headed by dr. ahmed nazif yesterday discussed the developments of swine flu and its relationship with the new school year , through 3 reports to the ministers of higher education , education , health , and confirmed that the first days of the study carried a good indicators , with no reports of any injuries inside schools , in addition to achieving global turnout ranged between 90 % and 97 % in various governorates .
dr. magdi radi , a spokesman for the presidency told the cabinet that the report presented by dr. yusri al-jamal confirmed that the process of implementing the plan to confront the disease is going well , in the light of the detailed plans prepared by the governorates in line with the nature of each governorate , and through coordination between the ministry and the ministries of health and information and local development , indicating that a step to reduce concentrations of students in classes is the main focus of the plan , in addition to ensure cleanliness and ventilation in schools , intensive awareness plan for students and parents and faculty .
the report confirmed that it is not expected that there will be negative consequences of these measures to implement a program to develop education and his time program , especially with regard to the comprehensive calendar and the advancement of teachers , increasing the content of activities in the educational process , and that the ministry will deal with the repercussions on the educational process through the provision of educational services through the channels that have been provided in coordination with the ministry of information .
must be reckoned with egypt , its unique ability to exploit the atmosphere of despair and frustration at home and feelings of excessive arrogance when the israelis in the formulation and implementation of a plan to deceive brilliant tactical and strategic axes through cunning moves at home and abroad alike .
evidence of political and diplomatic move to egypt throughout the whole world , there is an impression automatically to everyone that the only option before us is seeking retribution for a peaceful solution , and that the prospects for the feet of egypt to launch a war against israel to regain its territory the possibility of weak and mostly it impossible possibilities !
president sadat messages to a large number of heads of state in the world since the beginning of 1973 , which includes a basic formula is the insistence on asking for help and effort as possible to reach a peaceful solution , musharraf removes the june 1967 aggression .
then came sadat ' arab ' quick and sudden tour in august 1973 or before the date of the start of the war a few weeks to complete strategic and tactical deception wonderful system , where it was said at the time that president sadat to visit both saudi arabia and qatar to seek help and support to save the egyptian economy , who arrived to near zero , and that his stop in damascus did not only aims to persuade president assad to the need for the participation of syria to egypt in betting on the peaceful solution only and ruling out a military solution in the light of what he created the policy of detente between the two superpowers of serious imbalances in the balance of power in favor of israel , which enjoys absolute us support .
the empowerment of women and preparing for holding the african forum for developing women 's leadership in the business sector , which will be held under the auspices of the virtuous mrs. suzanne mubarak during the period from 27 to 29 october was the axis of the meeting held by the minister of manpower and immigration aisha abdul-hadi with dr. yusuf القريوني , director of the office of the international labor organization in egypt and north africa .
the minister said that the forum , which will be held under the auspices of the president 's wife , with the participation of representatives of african women from 22 countries representing tripartite representing governments , employers and workers as well as civil society organizations , indicating that the forum will be held in cairo in coordination between the ministry and the regional office of the organization in ethiopia and cairo and the african development bank .
it added that the forum will discuss the impact of the global financial crisis on the growth of african women and focus on integration and cooperation at the trilateral level and for the empowerment of women and to study the establishment of women and promote sustainable development projects development program for women 's projects .
the minister stressed that the organization confirmed that the holding of this forum in egypt must guarantee for cooperation and continuous coordination between egypt and the organization and comes within the framework of egypt 's keenness on activating the tripartite .
in a meeting with representatives of the world bank and the united nations development fund for women in cairo in the presence of dina assaf , regional director of the fund has been discussed a number of joint cooperation projects .
dr. nasr , mr. deputy minister of health for preventive medicine , said that the case of the death of a woman aged 23 from giza governorate , and was held in al-sadr hospital in abbasiyah .
he pointed out that the deceased woman was subjected to treatment by a private clinic .
i came to sadr hospital last wednesday suffering from a sharp decline in jobs breathing , received yesterday , lord
deputy minister of health , said that the new cases , including 5 cases in schools , including two in cairo preparatory school in olive hilmi knowledge and st. clair special school in a picnic , and two in the separation of naga hilal in sohag , there is a case in the shaima'a primary school in the district park in alexandria .
mr. nasrallah said : it has been shut down three quarters , which appeared in the new cases .
he pointed out that there is a state injured in ain shams university student in the faculty of arts , is the sister of the student in a school at racak , who confirmed his infection with the disease before 4 days .
he clarified that there is another case in the faculty of languages was injured in a house of knowledge and school student 's sister had returned from saudi arabia .
despite the significant progress that happened in the geneva negotiations between iran and the countries of the western alliance on the prospects for a political settlement of the iranian nuclear file , which was attended by the americans for the first time , which was represented in the acceptance of all parties to continue negotiations in the second session to be held before the end of this month .
despite the announcement , the director of the international energy agency dr. mohamed elbaradei in his recent visit to iran , tehran 's agreement to open its new site for uranium enrichment soon from the city of qom , who began his stay in 2006 without informing the iaea inspectors , admitting that it does not have , with the exception of qom site any other facilities have not been announced , still doubts the west pursues the iranians , accusing them of cheating and lying and deception in the negotiation , and the lack of transparency and deliberately hiding the facts , continued to seek maneuvering and gain more time with the aim of the continuation of the iranian military program to produce a nuclear weapon .
still the western and israeli intelligence services compete for leaking conflicting reports , most of them speak about iran 's resumption of work in its military program , which the united states has declared that it stopped in 2003 , already confirms some of tehran 's success in the design and manufacture of equipment needed to make nuclear warheads that can be carried by the iranian missile shehab 3 to two thousand kilometers away near the coast south europe , could threaten the security of israel and a number of middle east countries .
can benefit from medical centers specialized in mansoura and as international medical city serve the sons of the homeland and other countries from patients , including benefits and moral and material return on our beloved egypt , especially that the reality is that it is already medical city at the highest level , but it lacks announced officially .
mansoura currently includes several medical centers inside the campus , have succeeded over the years in the treatment of millions of patients and consider it accepted that seek it for the sake of their health and ease their pains .
for example , the most famous kidney center at the level of the world flock to large numbers of all states , not patients only , but also doctors who get sessions inside it and benefit from his experience , which precedes and surpasses many advanced countries in this field .
not only , but many other kidney center characterized by mansoura from others , for example , and not limited to the tumors center owner of rare surgeries , as well as the status of the digestive system , which succeeded in planting 60 also started to date , in addition to the centers of children and emergency and eyes , while waiting for the entry of service soon in women 's centers and nerves and bone surgery .
several days after the un security council adopted resolution 1887 , which provides for work for a world free of nuclear weapons in a clear response to the initiative of u.s. president barack obama to begin work on nuclear disarmament , which was announced in prague in april .
the international body comes to prevent nuclear proliferation and disarmament , which is considered as an international initiative sponsored by the governments of australia and japan to activate international political dialogue on the need for a world free of nuclear weapons and return to cairo to hold its regional meeting .
and because it enjoys a special importance in the middle east region , which witnesses a state of tension continued either due to the israeli nuclear program that no one knows the truth and dimensions , or because of the iranian nuclear program , which raises the case of disagreements , ongoing between tehran and the west , while the middle east as a whole stand by idly waiting for what may result from this situation .
it is necessary to know closely about what has been achieved by this international body of results in this regard and the extent of its success in forcing the various countries and especially nuclear work to curb nuclear proliferation , if not access to the world to the stage of nuclear zero , so this dialogue with gareth evans , co-chairman of the international body to prevent nuclear proliferation and disarmament and former australian foreign minister .
germany occupies the third position after the united states of america and england in attracting foreign students to study at universities and their number is estimated at about 234 thousand students , most of them from china , turkey and the countries of eastern europe and the arab and islamic worlds .
however , a recent study conducted by the information system of the german universities revealed that a quarter of the number of foreign students fail in their study in germany and leave it without achieving their goal , which came to him .
the most important difficulties facing foreign students , according to the study , in addition to the problems of cultural adaptation is the german education system , which allows great freedom for students to choose what suits them from scientific articles , and german students can usually deal with this system , while foreign students who grew up in the educational system is based on memorization and follow what defines teachers from materials without discussing or thinking find extremely difficult .
also , foreign students from china and the arab world who are used to impose censorship on them are facing problems in the german system which makes every student sergeant himself , which means that the student who does not take the initiative to scientific research and develop itself and address the professors may find himself in his place for years without attention to anyone .
dr. ahmed nazif , the prime minister stressed the need to pay attention to the protection of government information and work to counter piracy and waves penetrate electronic information systems and emerging spread in the world .
pointing out that these new phenomena represent a danger to databases and other information .
this came during a meeting held by the prime minister yesterday and attended by the ministers of economic development and administrative development , communications and director of information and decision support center affiliated to the council of ministers .
dr. magdi radi , a spokesman for the council of ministers , said that the meeting discussed the need for training human cadres and ministries in the creation of the post of executive director of information of interest to act as a coordinator to support and organize information in each ministry and dealing with it .
radi pointed out that the meeting called for the need to follow the standard specifications of dealing with information and adherence to software packages and infrastructure available to the governmental authorities in addition to abide by the policies and priorities of the implementation of information programmes in accordance with the interests of the state .
dr. ahmed darwish , minister of administrative development , said during the meeting that one of the most important priorities of his ministry to work on putting the standard specifications of the circulation of information and data , which includes unified documentation of data .
and unify the method of collecting and publishing and frameworks circulation .
and coordination between different bodies and help them technically to establish electronic sites and broadcast information through it .
after the signing of the historic agreements to normalize relations with armenia , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said that the opening of the border is linked to progress on the issue of nagorno karabakh , erdogan described the signing of the protocol of normalization with armenia as an important step .
he expressed his wishes that the armenian president visits turkey after tomorrow , in response to the official invitation sent to the turkish president abdullah gul .
he expressed his optimism to solve the existing problem between azerbaijan and armenia .
he added that a solution to the problem of the karabakh region of azerbaijan to the turkish parliament 's approval on the historic agreement with armenia .
turkish newspapers welcomed the signing of the agreements between turkey and armenia , and considered it a historical step but warned that follow this road will be full of obstacles .
on its part , condemned the agreement its ally turkey to normalize its relations with armenia , azerbaijan , amid warnings that opening the border between ankara and yerevan in a state of instability in the south caucasus region troubled cause .
the ministry of foreign affairs الاذارية said in a statement that the normalization of relations between turkey and armenia before the withdrawal of armenian forces from the lands الاذارية contradicts directly with the interests of azerbaijan and reflect on the spirit of brotherly relations between ankara and baku striking rooted in history .
the march statement added that azerbaijan believes that the unilateral step of opening the border between turkey and armenia to raise questions about the peace process and stability in the region .
the parliamentary elections will be held near the end of next year ( 2010 ) acquires special importance , not like any previous elections since the 1952 revolution , these elections will determine the map of the presidential elections that will be held in the next year , according to the results of the 2010 elections will be clear how many parties will be able to offer a candidate in the 2011 elections .
but the importance of the coming parliamentary elections in this area than its predecessor , which was held in 2000 , it will be held in a moment where the question about the future of egypt is widespread , and expanding the scope of interest abroad in particular .
therefore , these elections deserve to pay special attention , and to keep the door open thinking in the best system that can take place on the basis of it . in this case , should not be a quota system for women , which is to say the latter was approved .
we have more than a year on the date of the parliamentary elections . there is a full session of the people 's assembly remain . this means that there is an opportunity to rethink the election system in general , and the way to achieve a reasonable representation of women in particular , as long as this representation is necessary to develop political life in our country .
if it turns out that achieving this could happen in a better and stronger content , but through another system , it is necessary to discuss the matter away from the logic that it was not possible to perfection .
the fact is that the election system partisan relative list allows access to the representation of women to the required level , but this gives real content representation at a time that confers on a better both at home and in front of the international community .
also , this system provides an opportunity to represent the best also to parties which he considers the constitution in its fifth article on the basis of the political system .
the secretary of the executive committee of the palestinian liberation organization yasser abed rabbo revealed that an integrated project for national reconciliation presented by egypt to palestinian president mahmoud abbas , and clarified that the project provides solutions to all issues , including setting a date for presidential and legislative elections .
abd rabbo confirmed that the executive committee of the liberation organization will discuss the egyptian document in a meeting , indicating the existence of positive direction for signing by all factions to facilitate the task of egypt and cut the way for hamas to disrupt and prevent reconciliation , according to him .
he added that if hamas movement refused the egyptian document , so that the palestinian leadership will resort to a solution that allows the law by issuing a presidential decree on october 25 when the constitutional elections .
on the other hand , the french consul in the occupied city of jerusalem frederick دازينو said that a delegation from the french presidency during the last period met with syrian and qatari senior officials and asked them that damascus and doha to exert pressure on hamas to end the palestinian division .
dar , a media debate and the war of statements between fatah and hamas movements yesterday , where the fatah movement considered that the speech made by the head of the political bureau of the hamas movement , khaled mashaal yesterday evening the first expressed his movement 's decision to kill palestinian reconciliation , and killing the egyptian efforts to achieve it , said a member of the central committee of the fatah movement , hussein al-sheikh in statements to the french news agency that mashaal 's speech is political fanfare and expresses the transitory reconciliation .
engineer ahmed el-maghrabi , minister of housing , utilities and urban development confirmed that the draft law regulating the potable water and sanitary drainage sector aims to protect the investments of this sector with the existence of legislation incriminating attacking facilities and water and waste and misuse and companies to promote incorrect information about the poor state of drinking water or pollution without evidence .
the housing minister , during the meeting , with the board of directors of the organization said drinking water and sanitation and consumer protection that the law is aimed at attracting private investment through the participation of the private sector and the existence of a strong regulatory system to guarantee the rights of all parties .
the law also worked to develop a system of licensing required service providers , whether public or private technical , economic and financial standards to ensure the safety and ensure the arrival of services to citizens according to international specifications .
he explained that the law works to unify legislation scattered in one legislation governing the sector and to regulate the relationship between the parties .
for his part , engineer mohamed al-alfiâs assistant secretary and executive director of the water network said that it was during the meeting to review international experiences in the field of providing service and management and the experiences of brazil , chile , england and australia .
ambassador ramzi ezzedin egypt 's ambassador in berlin that egypt declared candidate and strongly to cooperate with a large number of german businessmen in the field of new and renewable energy production , confirming the necessity of legalizing the situation regarding the production and sale of new and renewable energy and to develop the necessary legal framework is ready for this cooperation .
during his visit yesterday to the egyptian wing participates in international noga exhibition which will be held in the german city of cologne said that most of the german companies willing to cooperate with egypt in this field , especially that new and renewable energy generation capabilities available in egypt , whether solar or wind power .
the ambassador disclosed that small and medium-sized companies , the backbone of the german economy , which invest from abroad , and the export and import deals , and so it is the need to go to egyptian businessmen and find some sort of communication with them .
for his part , the executive director of the egyptian exporters association safwat orders from the approval of 200 international companies to participate in the meeting of فوودجايت foodgate , scheduled to be held in sharm el-sheikh during the period from 6 to 8 december , aims to introduce the food industry in egypt in order to attract the world like carrefour supermarkets ( france ) , sainsbury ( england ) corbyn ( spain ) to buy from egypt .
the majority sources revealed that the day after tomorrow , thursday , will be a watershed in the issue of forming the government and will become clear picture in front of saad al hariri , the prime minister designate and stand in a real way to the opposition 's intentions from the issue of writing and to what extent syria intervened in the opposition .
the source said the forces of the majority to al-ahram that hariri had contacts with the opposition program may end on thursday and is a reliable so much as it is expected to be in the first place , explaining that the positions did not budge and problems and change that happened after the syrian - saudi summit was limited to damascus summoned representatives from hezbollah and amal movement and brief them on some details that might be in the interest of the birth of the government .
deputy nabil nicola from the opposition free patriotic movement confirmed that the formation of the government until the hour as agreed between the prime minister designate , saad al hariri , head of the change and reform bloc is mp general michel aoun , indicating that things are out of the media to avoid obstruction , in order to reach a result .
he said that the meeting between general aoun and the prime minister designate attributed his decision to each of the two teams , when it becomes the appropriate time to discuss matters of portfolios and names .
he clarified that they might reach a national unity government if it did not get any disruption by those who bet on the american project through refusing the formation of 15 -10-5 .
amid a standing ovation , and official and popular unprecedented interest , president hosni mubarak started his talks yesterday in the hungarian capital budapest with hungarian president laszlo شويوم ,
in the first visit by an egyptian leader for the state of hungary since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries in 1928 .
the visit , which will last three days , is the first leg of a european tour to president mubarak , including hungary , slovenia , croatia , italy .
the hungarian - egyptian summit started immediately after the arrival of president mubarak bilateral talks between the two presidents took more than half an hour .
then began extensive talks joined by members of the delegations of the two countries .
the talks dealt with the egyptian vision of the peace process in the middle east , especially the palestinian issue .
ways to return to the final status negotiations between the palestinians and israel , and the european role in the peace process .
the situation in sudan and iraq and afghanistan .
the talks focused in particular on strengthening cooperation between the two countries in all fields , especially the economic and commercial fields .
opening the door before egyptian exports to the hungarian markets , and then to the eastern and central europe , and increasing the hungarian investments in egypt .
tunisia won two points in the human development index for the year 2009 prepared by the united nations development program from among 182 countries .
the report presented by the office of tunisia to the united nations development program warned yesterday went لايكو in the capital and was attended by a group of experts and academics in the fields of statistics and economics , that countries of the world is still witnessing great disparity in indicators of survival between poor and rich countries .
he said the un report which was launched globally in bangkok three days ago that many countries were exposed to a setback during the past years as a result of economic crises and armed conflicts and the spread of aids , but he did not include the effects of the current global crisis on development indicators .
tunisia came in the 98 , and algeria in the 104 , and syria in the 107 place and egypt in the 123 position and morocco in the 130 and yemen in the 140 position and sudan in the 150 .
mr. mounsef ben safety university economic expert highlighted the most important problems that was exposed to the report , especially with regard to the issue of migration , the benefits that can be gained by developing countries , but also the negatives resulting from it .
tunisia has achieved the millennium development goals as mr. fair يوزباشي general manager of human resources at the ministry of development and international cooperation presented an overview of the status of tunisia in the un report . as between human development reports published annually by the united nations development program to be used in its results in national development plans .
the head of the arab women 's organization noted that this development in terms of development , in order to determine its foundations and its goals led to awareness of the vital role of women and increase its effectiveness in economic and social activity and reveal its competitive capabilities that enable it to control its position as a kind of social and contribute as citizens conscious and creative in the development of their society .
highlighted what used to international and regional conferences held by the organizations concerned since the nineties of last century to confirm these ideas and publishing them and asking governments and the international community in general to remove the barriers that limit to activate and increase the participation of women in the overall development process would keep pace with global developments and meet the major challenges posed by the developed , developing and poor countries alike .
it added that the arab countries were not immune to these changes in concepts , visions and awareness of the need to invest in human resources that women represent one of its basic pillars of the memorandum given by arab states to women a major priority in its development plans as a topic for the development in terms of its need for education , training and rehabilitation and health insurance and social welfare and enable them to all its rights as a representative of half human resources on the one hand and كذات free conscious and a contribution to the social and economic system on the other hand .
the draw took place in the presence of the candidates for these elections or to represent them in accordance with the requirements of chapter 37 of the electoral code , which provides for " the licensing of the candidates for the presidential elections or the use of radio and television tunisian parliament for their election campaigns .
should the enjoyment of radio and television quotas demands to supervise the authority of public institutions to radio and television went through written content access with the media with puberty according to the long-term provided for المطة the first chapter 34 of this magazine with regard to the election of the president of the republic in the first session .
according to the long-term provided for المطة the second chapter 34 of this magazine with regard to the election of the members of the house of representatives .
does not require demand in the image of a second round of presidential elections .
appointed by the history of quotas and the dates of lots by the authority to supervise public institutions to radio and television on the basis of equal shares run for the benefit of the candidates for the presidency of the republic and of how different a number of lists of candidates for the election of the members of the house of representatives .
be a lot in the presence of the candidates or their representatives with regard to the presidential elections and in the presence of the candidates or deputies lists of candidates for the election of the members of the house of representatives , and no more than five to ten days before polling day .
in all cases must be invited the candidates or their deputies to attend the draw process by legal means " .
application as well as to the number 2067 for the year 2009 of 7 july 2009 , on the invitation of the voters to elect the president of the republic and members of parliament on sunday 25 october 2009 .
the draw , which took place yesterday to prioritize appear related to radio and television propaganda and attended by just the implementation as well as candidates and representatives of their parties and supervised by mr. rafi ' dakhil , minister of communication and relations with the house of representatives and the house of councillors along with mr. al-fahry shalabi , head of the general director of the ertt foundation , mr. president , director general of the tunisian radio upper shawqi .
* announced moments before the nobel peace prize awarded to president barack obama , so what هوانطباع you , how do you read this step ?
now at five o'clock in the morning in washington and i do n't know how the american public opinion to accept the event , but i believe that it is a very important step certainly reflects the support of the international community to strengthen diplomatic president obama and commitments made in the world , particularly in the middle east and it is also a recognition of his efforts in order to reach a solution between the palestinians and israelis and also support for diplomacy over iran 's nuclear file and all these reasons behind this choice .
but you can see that this prize , which means that the list would be the biggest challenges that need to be strengthened peace efforts more and more ?
no doubt that the challenges remain sometimes awarded nobel peace prize as recognition of the efforts for peace , and sometimes in order to grant in order to record the achievements of a decade or two decades , sometimes granted to encourage all efforts of people and this is what happened in the case of president obama . *
the united states often image in the arab and islamic world fell during the past years , do you believe that this picture has changed after a year to elect a president obama ?
i think that the election of president obama was signed in the arab and islamic world and i will give you an example of this , i was in iraq during the elections and met the feast of the components of the iraqi society .
are the members of the judicial police squad in the national security region in sfax city to discuss the issue related to a gang consisting of four persons who have committed about six " براكاجات " in one night .
gained after variable sums of money and a group of mobile phones ,
it is expected to refer the case to the judicial authorities to continue the investigations and take the rest of the legal procedures on the suspects .
the investigation in the case received the first report on one of the stations continue in sfax is conducive to its owner was براكاج by unknown people stole a sum of money and a mobile phone .
not long until many communications from party citizens expressed their displeasure and targeting them for robbery under the threat of violence .
in view of the seriousness of the issue has been coordination between several security units were combing several places to enable police officers to two of the suspects at dawn and in their possession white weapons and money is important and several mobile phones .
to continue the investigations by the judicial police investigators in sfax , showed that the gang members have committed at least six " براكاجات " in that night , in addition to other operations .
it was for this success security fast good echo in the hearts of the people , especially the victims who blessed security efforts .
us comedy min nahdi revealed that he started a while ago in preparing a series of television channel " people tv , " over 15 episodes .
he refused to disclose the content of the topics raised by justifying his fear of stealing his ideas .
in parallel with this series nahdi prepares to participate in the work of a new movie ibrahim latif .
" i liked the scenario and will do in this film - which has not yet been determined the title - role of the championship .
will this work carries a surprise to the public because it differs from my previous film participation in all aspects of the personality will be the leading " .
the film that narrates his autobiography lamin pointed out that the photos of him so far 20 minutes suitable for broadcast .
and is awaiting the return of freelance cameraman tarek المسراطي from dubai after 4 months to begin filming again and completing the remaining part of the film .
i asked him about his new play on words for a long time and did not materialize after many .
he confirmed that its first performances will start with the beginning of next march .
adding that the focus in the current period on his participation in some offers on the occasion of the presidential and legislative elections .
the objectives of the program of president zine el abidine ben ali for the period 2004-2009 to achieve a faster growth and greater integration in the globalized economy to double its efforts within the framework of the principles of development work , at the forefront of which are the interdependence between the economic and social dimensions in order to limit inflation within 3 % and this deficit of the balance of payments in 2.5 % of the gross domestic product in addition to continue down the percentage of debt to future generations .
drawing program tunisia tomorrow a target for the coming stage is to achieve an average per capita income of 5000 , 2009 dinars while working to ensure greater protection for consumers and to achieve consensus between national and european specifications health safety standards to strengthen the competitiveness of the national economy .
this is what has been achieved already where enabled reforms that included the presidential program , measures and presidential measures taken during the period 2004 - 2009 to achieve positive results in this area , the most prominent of which registered a growth rate of the gross domestic product by about 4 , 7% to the price of the continent , which contributed to a substantial double the per capita income level in one and a half times to rise to around 5135 dinars in 2009 , surpassing the target in the program , estimated at five thousand dinars , compared to 3576 dinars in the year 2004 .
jordanian king abdullah ii said that " jerusalem is just like a gunpowder barrel that could lead to a flare-up in the islamic world as a whole " .
he added that the continuation of political stagnation " that takes us back to the dark periods " .
the jordanian monarch said in an interview with the daily haaretz israeli specially for the occasion of the 15 anniversary of the signing of the peace agreement between jordan and israel , he explained to the israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and his predecessors the importance of the sanctity of jerusalem and its sensitivity " and the importance of understanding the need to refrain from any settlement activity and unilateral in the holy city " .
he added that he warned netanyahu that he would try to change the reality in jerusalem that disturbed relations with jordan , which enjoys , according to the peace agreement in a special status in jerusalem and harming efforts to resume negotiations with the palestinians .
he added that he went to the us administration that demands israel to refrain from deliberate steps to deepen the jewish presence in the old town and " holy basin " .
the king sent a message to the israelis , in which he said that it is imperative to " maintain the status quo so that the deadlock in the political process will be drawn to darkness " .
the effects of throwing bombs , " اينيرغا " , from an unknown source , the day before yesterday night in the region of jabal mohsen in tripoli ( north of lebanon ) and the fall of a number of injured , reactions criticized the attempts to sow sedition and called for revealing the perpetrators and their market to justice .
the former president of the lebanese government omar karami condemned the incident , saying that it was " at a time when we see the syrian - saudi summit , the group suspected of trying to plant sedition among the sons of the one targeted by the serious city of jabal mohsen , as the people of the city of tripoli " .
he asked the security services to make utmost efforts to uncover the perpetrators and put an end to these dangerous acts .
the economy minister mohammad safadi , in a statement , " warned that the wave of security chaos , which moved between ain al-ramanah and jabal mohsen " , calling for " the firing by the army to prevent breaches of security persist in provoking incidents , which claim the lives of innocent people " .
he wished " to be seized statements and speeches on the rhythm of the current calm , hoping to establish a cohesive government to administer the country and put economic plans that lebanon will benefit from the flow of funds and investors " .
on the other hand , a member of the central committee of the fatah movement , jibril rajoub said that any postponement of the reconciliation talks would be a " mistake " .
and accused " hamas " of using the dispute over gaza report as a pretext to destroy the palestinian unity agreement .
the egyptian intelligence chief minister umar sulayman met with a delegation of the hamas movement , which included moussa abu marzouk , deputy head of the political bureau and a member of the political bureau mohammed nasr , who arrived the day before yesterday night to cairo to demand to postpone the signing of a reconciliation agreement of 25 month , set another date for that .
well-informed egyptian sources said that cairo believes that postponing the signing of reconciliation is a big loss for the palestinian people and a waste of the egyptian efforts exerted to end the division and restore palestinian unity , indicating the arab round by each of the two ministers ahmed aboul gheit and omar suleiman was to support the efforts of reconciliation and stabilization agreement regardless of any international reservations .
it added that ending the division and achieve reconciliation palestinian national demand should prevail over any crises , and that everyone is keen to accomplish it because it is a palestinian national interest supreme , especially in light of the suffocating blockade of the gaza strip , the deadlock in the peace process .
it stressed the necessity of achieving the unity of the palestinian ranks and support the palestinians together in facing the challenges raging in their case .
he turned the lebanese parties to assess the availability of their information about the results of the saudi - syrian summit on the lebanese situation over the weekend , while the political circles concerned with the formation of the new government is expected to witness the beginning of next week to resume contacts on the writing process to benefit from the support of the summit for the establishment of a national unity government , according to the saudi and syrian statements issued after its end , according to what he told syrian president bashar al-asad to lebanese president michel suleiman during his contacts with the day before yesterday .
the secretary general of hezbollah , " mr. hassan nasrallah met the day before yesterday night with the head of " the progressive socialist party , " walid jumblatt and discussed the results of the summit and the efforts to form the new government and the relationship between the two parties , in the second meeting between them since the parliamentary elections , after the restoration of relations between the two countries after nearly 3 years of hostility and interruption since 2006 , to remove the residues of the previous stage , especially the consequences of armed clashes on 7 may 2008 .
a statement issued by the media , " hezbollah stressed " that nasrallah and jumblatt , who attended the meeting , the son of east timor , deputy akram chehayeb , " discussed the saudi - syrian summit , and convergence when positive this great meeting , and the importance of arab - arab openness and the need to devote a public case to overcome crises our islamic and arab nation " .
the sources said that the communication to the government will be active , and that the stage that made by president designate saad hariri in his consultations with the parliamentary blocs and his meetings with the leader of the " change and reform bloc " general michel aoun narrowed distances between the parties , and the saudi - syrian summit 's call for the formation of the government will also facilitate the acceleration of its achievement and keep the details of lebanese responsibility .
the sources pointed out that " hezbollah " is the establishment of a national unity government in order to protect the country and the resistance at this stage .
and confirmed that nasrallah and jumblatt held a review of steps taken between hizballah and the " progressive socialist party , " to put an end to the aftermath of the previous stage and the events of may 7 , through continuous communication between leaders and concluded that the relationship returned to normal in a number of places and regions , and that there is a quiet and away from the limelight will continue in areas and other sites to remove the residues of conflict and dispute the previous stage .
parliament speaker nabih berri left beirut yesterday to qatar to hold talks with the officials in their move to the united arab emirates for talks on the status of expelled from it .
with political circles called for international and regional developments accelerated during the past few months , to read the saudi - syrian summit held on wednesday and thursday in the past through what is generated by these developments , it is not possible to realize its effects and consequences without putting them in the context of a set of events witnessed by the region .
since the saudi - syrian rapprochement began to restore its activity after the parliamentary elections in lebanon , last june , through joint meetings between the saudi delegates and the syrian leadership , which was decided in that the custodian of the two holy mosques , king abdullah bin abdul aziz will visit damascus after the completion of the lebanese government , created obstacles prevented the implementation of what was agreed upon between the two sides . this is what explains both the delay in the formation of this government and the visit of the saudi king .
a lebanese ministerial source said that damascus was forced to put the brakes on rapprochement with riyadh as a result of iran 's objection to the acceleration of steps , and that the iranian leadership informed president bashar al-asad objection this clearly during his visit to tehran in august ( august ) 19 last under the title of president mahmoud ahmadinejad congratulating him on his re-election .
the ministry of agriculture in the eastern region , the implementation of a number of vital projects in al-ahsa national park " plans to seize sand project " , located near the village of construction during the coming period , including , more than one million seedlings cultivation , and the distribution of green space , in addition to dividing five kilometers to establish family meetings , available in all the services needed by the visitors .
the ministry said that it will be the work of maintenance and development of some internal roads , through acts of the paving and lighting , in addition to the work of some developmental work .
it is worth mentioning that ahsaa national park , which was established in 1962 , as part of a project to repel the advancing desert sand on the region , after the growth of trees heavy has been converted into a tourist destination to reach an area of 4500 hectares will be distributed between parks and swimming pools and children 's playgrounds and race horses and another for bicycles .
leading the project to protect 20 directly and protect oasis in the entire village to protect indirectly , after planting trees that reached seven million trees ,
in 1984 the project was transferred to the " ahsaa national park " .
he had received during the summer holiday , eid al-fitr holiday , more than 60 thousand visitors , who is considered one of the important parks of لاحسائيين , especially as it is considered one of the oldest , in view of the large agricultural area , which witnessed a large turnout of visitors from inside and outside it , in addition to the visitors of the gulf countries .
together the political parties involved in the formation of the new lebanese government to deal positively with the political impact of the saudi - syrian summit on the lebanese situation , but their satisfaction with the results so far , within the framework of the exchange of good intentions for cooperation in accelerating the formation of the government remained strong and not a pretext to tangible steps .
this will put the same urgency on the agenda of contacts for the formation of saad al hariri , president prepares for holding them , especially as it did not stop for consultation with the main political forces in preparation for embarking on a qualitative leap would enter the process of writing in a crucial stage , no longer tolerate differences or to return to a new round of political maneuvers .
in this context , sources with the atmosphere that prevailed in the damascus summit talks between custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abdul aziz and president bashar al-asad on the one hand , and to the preparatory contacts conducted by president assigned in preparation for a new round of meetings , especially with the head of " the change and reform bloc " general michel aoun , on the other hand , that what was mentioned in the final statement of the summit on the governmental situation in lebanon reflects the common will to support efforts to derail the process , writing , if the status quo because it is not permissible for converting them into intractable crisis .
king saud medical complex confirmed the detention of the director of benin school in riyadh region , after being infected with " swine flu " .
while the rumors on the atmosphere of the first two days of the study , on new cases and suspected cases of infection with the disease control himself , sources in the education of girls in the riyadh region , said that the ministry officials are discussing a decision on postponing the study in the primary stage until the beginning of next year .
( see page 9 ) , director of public relations at king saud medical complex ibrahim al-sobeih said yesterday that the director of a school in the riyadh region came to the students to deal with swine flu , and the necessary measures have been taken for treatment .
rumors continued yesterday amid the students in their second semester day on injuries and suspected cases .
it was not possible to settle the rumors because silence abided by spokesmen for the ministry of education , and the lack of cooperation with the media .
meanwhile , sources said that the postponement of the study in the primary stage is being studied , but the decision depends on the ability to confront the swine flu virus during the first week of the study , which began on saturday .
prince nayef started his visit to cairo yesterday at the invitation of prime minister ahmed nazif to be the first capital to visit , since he assumed the post of second deputy , egyptian officials considered it " a reflection of the depth of egyptian - saudi relations " .
mubarak and prince nayef reviewed the whole arab and international situations and ways to promote relations between the two countries and promote them in various fields .
the extensive talks session of the saudi side was attended by prince fahd bin nayef , minister of state and cabinet member dr. musa'id bin mohammad al-aiban , minister of trade and industry abdullah bin ahmed zainal , saudi ambassador in cairo hisham nazer mohieddin . the egyptian minister of the interior habib al-adli side , trade and industry rashid mohamed rashid , a spokesman for the presidency of the republic ambassador suleiman awad .
mubarak and prince nayef held a meeting alone .
prince nayef also held talks with prime minister ahmed nazif .
nazif expressed his appreciation for the visit , " the prince to be the first since assuming his new post " .
he described the visit as " a gesture of its value in a good way , based on strong relations and the historical link between the leadership of the two countries , president hosni mubarak and custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abdul aziz , and extend to the governments and peoples of the brothers in egypt and saudi arabia " .
still voting to elect a new session of the board of directors of the chamber of commerce and industry in jeddah controlled airspace in societies , businessmen and interested in jeddah and al-laith and qunfudha , one day before closing the ballot boxes in preparation for declaring the result tomorrow ( wednesday ) .
voting yesterday was marked by unprecedented turnout to vote , amid protests by candidates on the organization inside the headquarters of the ballot , and exchange of accusations between the two candidates who continued to devise ways to attract voters .
while the elections " jeddah chamber " became another arena for the conflict between some movements , especially in regard to the role of women in the room .
al-hayat that managed to seize a " unique " to the process of buying one of the voters voted for a candidate .
candidates said that organizing the ballot was prepared to serve the candidates among them , however , deputy secretary general of the chamber othman falcon confirmed its desire to complete transparency , and that its management stands after an equal distance from all candidates .
the efforts to attract voters to transfer them to luxury cars and providing them with meals , " five stars , " and offering gifts to them . the number of voters in the morning yesterday more than one thousand voters .
the shura council members during their regular session held in riyadh yesterday criticized the committee for islamic and judicial affairs and human rights in the council because it did not provide a system of legal proceedings and criminal procedures system project and the draft system proceedings before grievances as it should be .
some members recorded their severe dissatisfaction , after the completion of the discussion of the project , being continued for more than five meetings , and this is what caused them to fatigue - as they said - .
dr. mohamed al-sadon said in his speech that " the items listed in this way is exhausting to members of the council " , and approved the opinion of dr. abdullah fifi , who confirmed that the committee modified some articles of the right to change some wrong linguistic terms .
on his part , dr. meshal al-ali said in his speech that " the articles of appeal in the judicial verdicts allowing sentenced to object to the ruling within 30 days only , but will fall right to object should be a period of appeal open so the offender as a response that he found " .
he pointed out that should not be time is al-faisal in the implementation of judicial decisions .
us secretary of state hillary clinton failed to convince her russian counterpart sergey lavrov tightening sanctions on iran .
he said the two sides " agreed in attitudes " regarding the necessity of providing diplomatic efforts to settle the issue , clinton acknowledged that " while it may be too early to tighten sanctions " .
on the other hand , lavrov said " important progress " was achieved in the main files , including the issue of nuclear disarmament and the prospects for cooperation in the field of missile defense plans in europe .
he did not ease the atmosphere , " friendly , " which dominated the talks the two sides in moscow yesterday , " difficult " discussions , especially as most of the issues raised for discussion , " the axis of differences , and some of them need to many explanations " .
he also told al-hayat , a russian diplomatic source said , referring to the iranian nuclear file and the new us plans regarding the deployment of the missile shield and the issue of the renewal of the treaty on the reduction of strategic offensive arms ( start 2 ) .
moscow indicated before clinton 's visit that it looks forward to hear the positions of these files , directly from the us .
it is noteworthy that the issue of tightening sanctions on iran , which has been the focus of wide speculation before the visit and referring us sources that washington seeks to persuade the russians to change their position .
he started the first files that the two parties failed to reconcile their positions on it , as the difference appeared clear during the press conference held by the two ministers at the end of their meeting .
the head of the " democratic parliamentary gathering " walid jumblatt confirmed that his recent meeting with the secretary general of hezbollah , " mr. hassan nasrallah , " was extremely positive .
he returned to build confidence .
the relationship back to what they were before the disastrous estrangement " .
he told " al manar : in this second meeting returned the situation to what it was before that there is a great chasm between us and mr. , as a result of the events , and as a result the accumulation of 2005 to 2008 .
things returned , if the expression is right ,
the atmosphere of trust and this is the most important thing for returned .
he returned the atmosphere of dialogue in all arab and international and lebanese areas .
back personal relations .
i had to be with my son timor to enter the arab and lebanese and islamic politics from the door wide .
to enter the principles and basic and firm is palestine .
i am satisfied , of course , not so much about what happened to explain that there are certain characteristics in order to establish an atmosphere of confidence " .
and calls for the formation of a majority government .
jumblatt said : " i do not believe that we can venture to form a majority government , and will not participate in a majority government . i am a part of the majority , differentiated واتمايز from march 14 , that i am a part of the majority , but i will not participate in a government majority and this is settled " .
second deputy prime minister and interior minister prince nayef bin abdul aziz arrived yesterday in the city of sharm el-sheikh , head of the delegation of the kingdom of saudi arabia in the sixth meeting of the interior ministers of iraq 's neighboring countries .
he was met at sharm el-sheikh airport , the egyptian interior minister habib al-adli .
with the arrival of the second deputy made a statement to the media in which he said : " i thank general habib brother on our call in this city , and all what we hope to get out of this meeting according to iraqi security " .
prince nayef after a short break in the airport went to the headquarters prepared for his residence .
he arrived in the company of the second deputy , prince fahd bin nayef bin abdul aziz , ambassador of the custodian of the two holy mosques to egypt hisham bin mohieddin nazer , general supervisor of the second deputy prime minister and minister of interior 's office of the first group , abdul rahman al-rubeian , and the second deputy prime minister and minister of interior advisor dr. helped alorabi al-harithi , director general of the office of the minister of the interior for studies and research general saud bin saleh al-dawood .
prince nayef left cairo earlier yesterday .
he said that " the saudi - syrian summit is a very positive step , beyond the borders of the lebanese nation .
that could have an impact on all the arab situation " .
whether it will give a push to the formation , he said : " i personally doubt it .
it gives some positive climates .
but will this positive atmosphere alone will be enough ? "
in a similar position deputy antoine zahra ruled out forming a government after the saudi - syrian summit .
considering that " no positive enough to suggest the birth of close until now " .
he said in an interview with a website yesterday that " the file has been postponed until a clearer picture of iran 's nuclear negotiations with the international community " .
describing " the atmosphere of confidence that prevails among the 8 march team " , as " an attempt to deceive the public opinion through holding the majority responsible for obstruction , and to enlarge the arab - arab reconciliation ... " .
he predicted that " the names represent a fundamental problem in the formation of the next government " .
he called for the formation of a government of technocrats . appointing failed .
he said : " on a personal level , no problem with gibran bassil ( , minister of communications ) , that the parliamentary elections set the size of parliament + veltroni , and calling for respect for the results of the elections in appointing " .
the position of the president of the republic michel suleiman supports , only saying : " no comment , jubran basil , are another " .
the constitutional council member antoine offered the best development of the lebanese constitution since 1926 , said " that lebanon is walid wars , the first for the sake of the lebanese entity and the second for independence " .
he said " that the blocking third failure of political life in lebanon , the minister , who opposes the government policy usually resign in democratic countries " .
he considered that " there is a contradiction between being a minister and opposition , and that the sectarian system unanimously eliminated the constitution and led to more external interference " .
but the scientist elizabeth picard wondered " how can discuss the political parties and civil society when the lebanese community is a sectarian society ? "
she said " we are witnessing in lebanon now retreat of civil society with regard to sectarian mobilization " .
saying " that hezbollah is an example of this " . and saw " that after the syrian hegemony over lebanon , there are now other domination is political sectarianism " .
and saw " that the lebanese constitution is open to changes , especially in its preamble and in article 95 " .
the researcher ziad majid confirmed that he does not exist in the constitution , any mention of the parties , and exercise political freedom in accordance with article vii on civil and political rights and 13 concerning the freedom to establish organizations .
he said " that 1995 and 1998 crossroads wasted a chance to establish a genuine political parties . and the absence of a political project missed the opportunity during the second intersection in 2005 " .
he said that " political life based on bargaining and it is difficult for the presence of weapons in the hands of the lebanese people " .
he suggested a proportional voting system could break the monopoly of the sect and promote the participation in the elections " .
as for the other way for him is " to conduct administrative reform strengthens the role of the municipalities and weaken التحزيبية " .
historian and researcher sayid franjiyah , spoke about the shihabiyyeh tried to hold political and administrative reform to promote social development .
president fouad chehab many administrative reforms carried out by the establishment of a number of departments such as the central bank and the ministry of planning and social security and administrative control , but president shihab , " failed to achieve political reform as a result of sectarianism " .
chehabism is " the only attempt to modernize the lebanese state " according to franjieh , who said " that the taif put an end to the crisis and form a new authority in the old system , especially that what came in it was not applied completely but added to sectarian new nervous system " .
he added that he " could not carry out any radical reforms as long as sectarian control system " .
however , professor of law , george khairallah said " that the nationality law is in the service of the state policy , and that theoretical battle , namely the right of land or blood " , considering that " the political situation prevents any discussion " .
professor at rights lina غناج dealt with the issue of personal secularism said " that this secularism is necessary because it strengthens national identity " .
however , it considered that " it is difficult to determine the identity of the lebanese because any criticism of the law is for some sectarian treachery " .
communities demanded to offer " concessions to reach a secular , abstention from the legal nature of marriage , while christians muslims refrain from inequality between men and women " .
the judiciary council member shukri issued regret " for the absence of real political will to the judiciary , technical and humanitarian ways to become an independent and productive " .
professor ibrahim received his rights , he said " that lebanon thanked international organizations or countries which will help him in the field of the judiciary because it provided substantial cooperation " .
syrian president bashar al-asad puts a wreath of flowers on the tomb of the unknown soldier in damascus yesterday , on the 36 anniversary of the october war .
( reuters ) chairman of the policies committee in the ruling national democratic party in egypt gamal mubarak in front of the tomb of late president anwar sadat in cairo yesterday .
( reuters ) yesterday in cairo and damascus commemorated the 36 anniversary of the october 1973 war . in cairo , egyptian president hosni mubarak received congratulatory telegrams from heads of state and dignitaries .
his son jamal mubarak , chairman of the policies committee in the ruling national democratic party , placed a wreath of flowers on the tomb of late president anwar sadat in the egyptian capital .
three egyptian newspapers praised " al-ahram " and " al-akhbar " and " the republic " in the preparation of its editorials published yesterday , confirming that it will remain a bright mark the anniversary and bright in egyptian history .
the tribute to the souls of those who were killed in the battle , and also thanked the soldiers and officers who took part in the war and to the egyptian people who made a lot of " sacrifices to achieve victory " .
in this anniversary of egyptian president inspected construction projects and the establishment and development of the second stage of the east port said port , which includes the establishment of a new container docks , and other platforms for goods and storage areas and supply ships with fuel , and other investment and industry , as well as the completion of the establishment of the dock , which will be the longest offshore platforms in the world 2400 meters .
al-asad
in damascus , syrian president bashar al-assad put a wreath of flowers on the tomb of the unknown soldier in the syrian capital .
popular and official celebrations were held . the newspaper called " tishrin " and " baath , " syrian arab world to draw lessons and lessons from the october war to revive the arab solidarity and strengthen joint arab action and confront the challenges that target its existence . ( asha )
the italian constitutional court started yesterday in rome consider the law on judicial immunity granted to prime minister silvio berlusconi ( 73 years old ) , who has faced several lawsuits if the court ruled that this law was contrary to the principle of equality of citizens before the law .
fifteen judges started their public meeting at 09.30 local time ( 7 , 30 gmt ) to listen to the arguments formulated by the tribunals for milan and rome , who had to deal with the issues involved in berlusconi , who represented by three lawyers yesterday .
the public meeting lasted for almost two hours , and shortly after noon withdrew the judges , including one woman , memory and vote in a special session .
could be the result of the vote announced earlier yesterday , but the decision will not be known before today or may be delayed two weeks , if any of the judges asked for more time to study the issue .
the decision of the court requires the approval of a simple majority of eight of the 15 judges .
there are two arguments to demonstrate the unconstitutionality of law known as the law of الفانو , on behalf of the justice minister angelino الفانو who put it , are violating the law to the constitutional principle of equality of citizens and not the possibility of amending the constitutional law of ordinary law .
the head of a caretaker government fouad siniora varied interests in the house yesterday , where he chaired a meeting in the context of follow-up to official statistics , was attended by the director general of the central statistics maral توتاليان and a number of concerned .
also informed about the conditions of " the green project " from its director general abizaid gloria .
deputy secretary wahbi , received a delegation from the food industries syndicate , headed by george nasroui , a presentation of the syndicate , grateful to support its participation in international exhibitions , and submitted to him a list of the opposition that can participate in the next year .
then he met a delegation of " alarming social cultural society " included lawyer mary ghantous and mrs. afaf sabbagh , who called on him to attend the commemoration of the scholar sheikh ibrahim mundhir , the sixth next thursday night in the unesco palace .
siniora met in the afternoon , the environment minister antoine karam , who said after the meeting that the discussion dealt with in part of the latest security developments in the country after the day before yesterday night ain al-ramanah - al-shayyah incident , as was the presentation of the results of the meeting held in sidon in regard to dump waste in the city , that is starting to take practical measures in this area , starting from next monday , pointing out that president siniora give this issue special attention .
part of participants in the general body of the maronite council yesterday . ( nasser trabulsi ) , the general body of the general maronite council held a regular meeting in the headquarters of the central council in karantina , headed by former minister wadih al-khazin , and the presence of the members of the council .
the council issued a statement in which he expressed his satisfaction with " the course of the consultations to form the new government , what was characterized by serious and positive and responsibility " , pointing out that " no power on earth to protect lebanon unless the lebanese compounds to protect themselves from the inside , through the principles and common denominators to confront the foreign interventions that seek its interests in the region and even at our expense " .
he said : " the poles inlaid with a technocrat government that serves this stage , as it requires concerted political poles to confront the external threats on the one hand , and living conditions of technocrats to handle people with quick action " .
he called for " the spirit of the taef agreement as a main pillar of lebanese accord " .
he called on " national leaders to the priorities of this government the necessity of approving a new law for parliamentary elections to secure the biggest fan popular representation in any future parliament , on the basis of the relative and conservative electoral constituency after reconsidering the current administrative divisions , according to what was mentioned in the taif agreement " .
the permanent military court ruled , in a ruling issued yesterday afternoon , headed by brigadier general nizar khalil , in the presence of the assistant commissioner to the court sami issued , syrian detainee iyad nawfal three years imprisonment and stripped him of his civil rights , and imprisoning ghassan ibrahim abdullah and bilal hussain zein al-deen years and months .
nawfal accused sentenced to his feet with sentenced abdullah to form a gang to carry out terrorist acts .
with the first achieved in preparing for the assassination of mp in the progressive socialist party in 2007 . wael abu faour , questioned by the court in a secret session earlier .
nawfal accused of trafficking in weapons of war and abdullah possession , while the rule of zinedine in charge of the transfer of weapons and ammunition without a license .
the same provision also spent seven months and a half imprisonment zinedine mohamed hussein , and he is accused of trafficking in weapons of war , and the imprisonment of mahmoud omar kadiri three months and is accused of transporting weapons and ammunition without a license , and zein al-deen mohamed zainuddin three weeks for possessing a military rifle were seized in his home , tiger pasha at the same time , he is accused of the transfer of military weapons and ammunition without a license .
the court concluded the trial yesterday in the file after hearing the arguments of the lawyers defending the defendants who asked for being acquitted of charges assigned to them after a request by their conviction , according to the indictment , and asked for them and their innocence and consequently to be satisfied with agents for arresting them and exemption from punishment for the convicted abdullah hand articles on the law 11/1/1958 and article 335 of the penal code for lack of evidence .
the general labor union offered at a regular meeting of the bureau , headed by ghassan ghosn , living and economic conditions with the beginning of the school year , and said " that the current chaos in school and university fees in most private education institutions and in the prices of books , making many lebanese either يستدينون if they or are reluctant to register their children in schools and universities in the absence of official school " .
the statement indicated that " the continuation of the rise of fuel prices by charging fees and taxes , keep the cost of transportation and move outside the ability of workers and those with limited income " .
he pointed out that the " new scandals that did not originally , the ship loaded with a corrupt absent corn that is not suitable to feed the animals " .
the board stopped before closing the factory , " يونيسيراميك " , considered that " came as a result of the policies of successive governments and state neglect of productive sectors " .
and finally offered the deteriorating situation in social security , " and the continuation of the policy of persisting in striking the foundations " , referring to a special meeting next wednesday to representatives of workers in the security council the administration was " followed by a press conference to announce the appropriate position " .
anti - violence groups said yesterday that more than 2000 people almost die every day throughout the world as a result of armed violence , and urged states to begin talks on a treaty to regulate the arms trade .
the report was issued 12 groups with the start of a committee of the general assembly of the united nations to consider a draft resolution setting a time frame for the talks in order to reach a treaty in 2012 .
according to the report , which was written by oxfam , based in britain on behalf of these groups , that since most of the governments of the 2006 agreement on the need to regulate world trade of arms , about 1 million people have died directly or indirectly as a result of armed violence , which means that more than 2000 people die every day or more than one person every minute , most of them are civilians .
he explained that the origin of those killed , more than 700 thousand died as a result of armed conflicts , including those taking place in afghanistan , somalia , sudan and sri lanka , the democratic republic of congo .
the statistics also include people killed in political violence is not used in firearms .
paris initially agreed yesterday to restore five antiques belonging to one of the egyptian tombs and demanded by cairo , if it came out of egypt illegally , after the secretary general of the supreme council of antiquities in egypt , zahi hawass , said that his country had decided to " halt all forms of cooperation with the louvre until the restoration of the paintings , which " were stolen " from the tomb in luxor .
french culture minister frederic mitterrand said in a statement that the louvre museum bought five antiques is returning to the tomb of one of the princes mural paintings eighteenth egyptian strain ( 1550 - 1290 bc ) , " in good faith , " 2000 and 2003 .
the national scientific committee for museums , france called for a meeting tomorrow to express its opinion on the source of egyptian antiquities and the possibility of taking it out of the louvre museum .
he expressed " his readiness " to restore antiques to the egyptian authorities " without delay if the committee agreed that " , in accordance with the agreement of the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization " unesco " for 1970 , which aims to combat illegal trade of cultural wealth .
yesterday reacted to the crisis triggered by sharp and violent words uttered by al-azhar grand sheikh dr. mohamed sayed tantawi mosque last saturday while he was inspecting a school belonging to al-azhar and saw a pupil متنقبة not older than 13 years , neither in the face of what is strong and asked it to take off the veil immediately , saying that " cover the face , there is no islam in anything " .
tantawi continued in the suppression of student and agitated , and directed to hurtful words as he said in colloquial : " i know islam more than you and that خلفوكي " .
then when the girl met him and took off her veil commented sheikh of al-azhar , asking sarcastically : " what would you do if you were the most beautiful little ? "
dr. tantawi during his visit this school announced that it would issue a decree ( issued in the same day ) to prevent girls from wearing the veil in all schools and educational institutes affiliated to al-azhar .
coincided statements of al-azhar grand sheikh and his decision with another resolution issued by the ministry of higher education to prevent students who wear the veil from staying in the cities of university , which prompted dozens of them to organize a sit-in yesterday in front of the residence of the students of cairo university in the area of giza .
at the end of september , syrian foreign minister walid muallem warned in paris that his country will not accept " an agreement with political conditions " .
the netherlands wants a clear position from the 27 member states of the european union on the possibility of suspending the partnership agreement unilaterally , " along the lines of the hand brake " . he also said a dutch diplomat pointed out that his country will sign the agreement after the member states to take a similar decision .
finally , a settlement proposed by the swedish presidency of the european union to be attached to the draft agreement provided a separate declaration from the european countries , " he says that he is entitled to the european union to suspend " if the violation of human rights , on the basis of another diplomat .
this will be the netherlands , " on the other hand , the european union reserves the option of returning from the agreement , but on the other hand , is not guaranteed under this item at the core of the text , which detract from its value , except for what happened the syrians " .
the agreement modified in its final wording on the necessity that gives the company " the european union to develop a firm agreement on the human rights situation , which remains a matter of concern to the european union .
respect for human rights is one of the key elements in the agreement ... violations of human rights will therefore directly affect the implementation of the agreement " .
the president of the republic michel suleiman yesterday from the minister of the interior and municipalities ziad baroud briefed on the security situation in general and the incidents that took place in recent days , and stressed the necessity of coordination between security and military bodies to deal firmly with any security problems and the arrest of those responsible .
then the secretary general of the catholic schools father marawan thabet met with a delegation from the parents committees in schools kasrawan - al-futouh , in the presence of minister baroud and tourism minister elie marouni .
he briefed him on some immoral violations that take place in some places in the region , and the impact on school students and appealed to him to work with those concerned to take measures to protect emerging .
suleiman said " that combating this issue is coordination between the security establishments and tourism , according to the law , sponsoring direct , and civil society organizations as well as through awareness campaigns and dialogue with everyone , including those concerned with these places and before that , the whole family home , and pledged to follow up on this matter with the ministers concerned .
suleiman met with deputy michel pharaon and former deputy mansour el-bonn . ba'abda visited the supreme judicial council chairman judge ghaleb ghanem , who briefed the president of the republic on the preparations for the opening of the judicial year in the fifteenth of october .
the advisor to the criminal court in beirut hani hajjar interrogated yesterday detained palestinian wisam hussein tuheibesh , preliminary , and shops on the criminal court to be tried in three files were issued in absentia against him in connection with its provisions .
also prosecuted before a military court in the case concerning the organization of " fatah al-islam " and the file before the military court .
tuheibesh earlier subjected to a preliminary investigation in the case of the assassination of the four judges , who is the judicial investigation judge rashid mazhar , for being suspected of being involved in this crime .
well-informed sources said that it was not clear from the investigations held with tuheibesh related to his involvement in the crime .
will tuheibesh be tried before the criminal court in the file of killing mohamed ahmed الدقمان on a road in the meihwemieh in 2000 . in this file also accused the jordanian palestinian nasr mohammad abu siyam and others , bearing in mind that he is accused in the second file in an attempt to kill the owner of ibrahim joha in his shop in the path of 2000 wire .
in the third file absentee government spent ten years and abu siyam tuheibesh , life imprisonment and stripped of their civil rights and confiscation of their money . this file related to thefts .
associate in the internal security forces mohammad matar was exposed to an attack by beating at the hands of a group of young men in al-nabatiyyah , during his attempt to seize a car " infinity " without plates , led by yousef sh . he was taken to hospital .
a number of the attackers were arrested for investigation with them in al-nabatiyyah , according to a judicial police detachment .
information indicated that the problem occurred last wednesday night in front of the house , when a bicycle in the internal security forces arrested yousef sh . ( 18 years old ) , who was leading the " infinity " without plates .
during the cyclist mohammad yasin registered a record breaking , objected to its owner and made several phone calls .
as a result of a number of young people gathered and police elements insulted and threatened .
they attended a patrol from the emergency al-nabatiyah to solve the problem .
one of them addressed to the security elements .
a crane driver who arrived at the scene to transfer the car , according to the affidavit , he was injured in his head , following its transfer to " help people 's hospital " .
not able to members of the security forces seized the car by its owner fled to an unknown place .
it was reported that among the aggressors two members of the house police were in civilian clothes .
former cambodian king norodom sihanouk announced that he يمتني death as soon as possible , according to a handwritten message published on its website yesterday .
sihanouk , who will be 87 years old at the end of this month , wrote in a message of ownership dating back to october 2 that his father سوراماريت died at the age of sixty and his grandfather will ينووات in the third and eighty , " but i sincerely want to die as soon as possible . i have lived for a long time " .
king said the race since the end of last month received a routine medical treatment in beijing that " longevity exhausts me as an unbearable weight " .
he thanked his citizens who wished to life above 100 years , but he asked them to stop wishing long life for him .
he said : " what i want to die as soon as possible , without having to violate the teachings of the revered buddha , which prohibits suicide " .
sihanouk has suffered from diseases including cancer , diabetes and blood pressure .
concession to his son sihamoni to the throne in october 2004 after he spent the longest period of the royal regime in asia ,
he attributed his resignation to advance in age and deterioration in his health .
palestinian president mahmoud abbas and the us special envoy to the middle east george mitchell in ramallah yesterday evening .
( reuters ) atmospheres pessimism on the us special envoy to the middle east george mitchell talks yesterday , with both palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , in light of the continuing settlement and the return of security tension over the al-aqsa mosque in east jerusalem between the israelis and the palestinians , to increase the divisions inside the palestinian authority .
mitchell met in the evening in ramallah the palestinian president who is exposed to criticism even from inside the camp to which he belongs .
is it that he agreed under us and israeli pressures to postpone the debate on referring the report of the head of the " un fact-finding mission on the gaza war , " richard goldstone , to the security council until march 2010 .
after the meeting , mitchell said in a statement read to reporters in the palestinian presidential palace : " we have held very good talks with president abbas , we discussed during our common vision for the establishment of an independent and viable palestinian state and contiguous territory " .
he clarified that " us president barack obama and secretary of state hillary clinton are personally and deep interest in achieving this goal " .
in the presence of russian foreign minister sergei lavrov and his us counterpart hillary clinton , turkey and armenia signed an agreement to establish normal relations between them in the swiss city zurich on saturday .
the russian foreign ministry said that lavrov " will be present at the signing ceremony in zurich " .
a spokesman for the us state department said that clinton may take advantage of the occasion to discuss the nuclear file of iran with russian and french counterpart bernard kouchner , who also received a call with the high representative for the common foreign and security policy of the european union , javier solana , to attend .
it will start after a european tour including britain , ireland , russia .
turkey and armenia will sign protocols to establish diplomatic relations and open their borders and turn the page on a century of hostility due to the armenians were exposed to massacres in the hands of the ottomans during the first world war .
it will strengthen the position of turkey to the european union , which looks forward to its membership , while giving impetus to the economy of armenia and improve security in the south caucasus , and is a major passage for transporting oil and gas supplies to the west , and achieve one of the objectives of the foreign policy of us president barack obama .
swiss sources clarified that a celebration diplomatically , " historically , " will witness the signing of protocols to pave the way for normal relations .
the agreement provides for discussing " the historical dimension " , in a reference to the issue of " genocide " includes " neutral scientific review of historical records and archives to identify existing problems and develop recommendations " .
the southern entrance of mohsen kalibia also started yesterday .
calm returned yesterday to the region of jabal mohsen , after the fall of a number of bombs on some of its districts .
the army forces worked to open the main road " from the north " after residents of jabal mohsen resorted to cutting and burning tires in protest against targeting them with missiles in two consecutive nights .
the bab al-tabbaneh area adjacent to jabal mohsen witnessed normal movement and completely calm after the wheat market was exposed to similar bombs on the night of the day before yesterday .
the mayor of tripoli , rashid stressed the aesthetic attacks on the area of jabal mohsen and al-tabbaneh .
he said " that the municipality condemns in the strongest terms these attacks aimed at destabilizing the city and the safety of its citizens " .
he appealed to the security forces " to strike with an iron fist on all to tamper with the security of tripoli " .
factions deny
in the same context , secretary of " the resistance factions and the palestinian popular committees in the north , " abu imad " aloni , denied in a statement yesterday , " all what is rumored about the involvement of beddawi camp in jabal mohsen recent events " .
" he stressed that the resistance factions in the north , far from the political and internal lebanese disagreements , and that al-badawi camp has nothing to do with what is happening from security problems in areas adjacent to the camp , where the lebanese army " is deployed .
in one way or another , will be for the summit , king abdullah bin abd al-aziz and president bashar al-asad its repercussions and its influence on the lebanese situation المقلقز in general , and on the faltering government formation in particular .
directly , and leaves no room for any doubts or questions . with or against . the atmosphere of security as well , after a scorpion hours about the sudden escalation , and in mobile visits between the regions and the " fronts , " which usually move from the door open to read messages .
it cannot be ruled out that lebanon during the coming hours on a date with positive developments , does not require analysts and become experts in reading to stop and suggestions and interpretations .
but in fact the repercussions and effects and its essence , will emerge and inevitably come across the direction that will follow the process of forming a strong government .
here , in particular , of the disease . and consequently , through the stances of leaders and scholars and parliamentary blocs , which reflects its expected move on this level , or about the size of lebanon 's share in the bilateral summit , which was the underlying motives for holding it in this time lebanese passion in most of them .
if not one hundred percent .
considering that the rest on the importance of needs additional arab and regional efforts .
the manifestations of satisfaction to overcome the worst of the global financial and economic crisis increasing , albeit with the amount of shame or precautionary .
in the meetings of the international monetary fund and the world bank held in turkey between 3 and 7 september , the head of the international monetary fund , dominique strauss-kahn - spoke , he was minister of finance in the french socialist government , and the global financial and economic crisis neared the end .
he called for strengthening the resources of the international monetary fund . such a decision was taken at the beginning of the year in the london economic summit but he did not only partially implemented .
he said strauss - was that giving developing countries more voting rights in the imf parallel to five percent represents a significant improvement for that improvement is linked to the ability to exercise the right of veto on key decisions .
this capacity is still available for the united states and britain together , and rarely mixed the positions of the two countries in the field of financial and monetary policies of the world . the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , who was the former head of the us delegation to the world trade organization talks to expand and develop , there was more modest in presenting his conviction near the end of the crisis .
the agreement reached by the representatives of the member states of the european union , days before the signing of the european partnership agreement with syria in october 26 , is the importance of european and syrian sides , a big setback for the file of the lebanese detainees in syrian prisons , who was a key article was added to the file of the items that set by the draft agreement suspended since 2004 on the basis of respect syria 's human rights file a prerequisite for joining the world of euro-mediterranean partnership .
the issue is what activists say towards a just solution to the issue of the detainees in syrian prisons , not that the human rights file in syria evolve positively for the better and that things might have been moving in new directions for the signing of the european - syrian partnership agreement , but it has nothing to do with a strong push exerted french administration led by president nicolas sarkozy on the eu institutions to overcome the decision .
the recommendation issued by the european parliament on 12 march 1998 under the french presidency of the union at the time , which included the issue of detainees in syria in the heart of any partnership agreement between syria and the eu , as a condition to ask the syrian government to work to help clarify the fate of the detainees .
the spokesman for the iranian organization for atomic energy شيرازديان said that iran will be responsible for its own uranium enrichment for research reactor in tehran if it has not reached an agreement on the establishment of a second state .
iranian to news agencies reported that sentenced to death three people were arrested during the demonstrations that followed the re-election of president mahmoud ahmadinejad contested in june .
the student news agency isna reported on شيرازديان : " we will write a letter to the international atomic energy agency to declare that iran would carry out what is necessary in order to provide fuel for tehran 's reactor " .
iran and six world powers reached an agreement according to which tehran over its fuel enriched by less than 5 percent to another country is enriched to 19 percent , 75 percent , and then return to iran in order to feed a research reactor in tehran , under the supervision of the international atomic energy agency .
he said شيرازديان that " iran has completely enrichment technology and consequently will sit behind the negotiating table with a means of pressure " , pointing out that his country prefers " to buy fuel in the reactor tehran because this matter is more economic " .
he added that the reactor needs 200 kilograms of enriched uranium by twenty percent , without giving further details .
there are those who say that the israeli army is the best army in the world .
there are those who claim that perhaps once as well , but then he was poisoned and now kicking .
for one thing , there is no doubt : the israeli army is the strongest pressure group in the state .
if the army wants something , it achieves whatever .
no matter the price and not important circumstances .
he wanted another 1.5 billion shekels , and got it .
every year is taking place in the traditional debate on the defense budget .
staff are preparing for it for weeks .
today is scheduled to enter the government meeting a delegation of 20 senior officers equipped with sophisticated mobile computers . i was scared of light and offer screens colorful performances , various tapes and frightening intelligence estimates with red shares , each addressed directly to the heart of the country .
they explain to the prime minister that the threat on our increased .
it is always more .
even after the peace with egypt , as well as after peace with jordan , as well as during the iran-iraq war .
at the same time the threat came from nasser .
afterwards , the syrian army maneuvers , and later from saddam hussein .
but now , ahmadinejad will provide the biggest nuclear - intimidation .
they are asking the government to detail all threats , and then chief of staff says : " if we do not approve our demands , the responsibility will be on you " .
prime minister inward_looking of fear and ready to sit in the same moment to give chief of staff until their personal salaries , to stop only .
recent maneuver - 1.5 billion shekels in addition to the defense budget after two and a half months of approving the budget in the knesset - executed easier .
as he stood before them infected with horror and the prime minister is not dream to stand in the face of his master .
tripoli representatives referred to the decisions of the syrian - saudi summit , held in damascus a few days ago , especially its support for the formation of a national unity government in lebanon .
they saw in it " a good step that would create a positive atmosphere conducive to a breakthrough " .
the house of representatives yesterday held their regular meeting in tripoli . and issued the following statement : " the house of representatives began a meeting to evaluate the syrian saudi summit and saw the following resolutions supporting the acceleration in the national unity government , a good step that would create a positive atmosphere conducive to a breakthrough , to keep the lebanese complete positive communication that preceded the summit , in order to complete the formation of the government " .
they saw " that all arab - arab rapprochement would happen a breakthrough on the arab and regional arena will reflect positively on lebanon " .
they noted that security incidents in tripoli , " not after an internal political , and not in the interest of the political powers in any security lapses . he did not see any after another politician , then it should be confined to the security framework and deal with it on this basis " .
it commended the " quick measures taken by the army and the security forces to prevent the aggravation of the situation and contain any negative impact possible attempts of sedition " , stressed the necessity of " not dealing with matters in its results only and no need to strengthen the preventive security , which prevents acts of sedition " .
the participants discussed the problem of traffic , which reflected negatively on the economic cycle .
they listened to a presentation of the mayor rashid jamali , and the commander of the region , colonel bassam al-ayyoubi about the causes of the crisis as a prelude to find solutions .
in order to take our resistance its true dimensions and reach its goals , we have to identify the enemies of the stage that we live in today , and what have we done to achieve these goals .
our first enemy lies in some of our behavior , and in the way of dealing with the corrupt practices imposed on the people .
our options right down .
make our تبعيين , we look at things in their sights and recognize the things that contradict with our convictions and the reality of our reality .
the beneficiaries of corruption mazarib thinks that they have an interest in its continued , unaware that they are like the cat who يلحس chilled , مستسيغا taste his blood bleeding from his tongue .
we must realize that all lebanese in their various tendencies and trends are citizens full material and moral rights .
they are therefore responsible for achieving their security and safety ,
they are also responsible for the stability of their society and prosperity and continued through the authorities produced by their political system .
these authorities bear the consequences of any imbalance in the performance .
subject to accountability and accounting of the house of representatives and constitutional and legal institutions , and this is what makes regular government work .
but unfortunately , that accountability and accounting systems are not suitable for that approach المافيوي controlled by , and come up with its actions on the moral and legal standards .
this situation makes us in the face of permanent in various sectors .
and we no longer need only to vote in the ballot boxes to fix what spoiled only .
but we are in need of votes demonstrate the spirit of resistance and working continuously and tirelessly to reach the desired reform .
those who believe that change and reform aimed at accessible , or that the work of the parliamentary and ministerial work is in such a situation that we face today .
harsh confrontation with the forces of several superior number .
similar to a large extent fabric spider , khaitan ropes scheduled difficult parts , and covers all the public and private sectors .
we really look forward to the american president succeed in achieving a breakthrough in the arab - israeli conflict in a grace period that remains before before the start of the congressional elections after about a year from now , and we also hope that israel will succeed in disrupting the us - iranian dialogue or to drag the united states into a preemptive war with iran , which will lead to serious consequences in the middle east as a whole .
on the other hand , must stop at the recent turkish position , which was suspended under the israeli participation in military exercises with the united states in protest against israeli practices that had occurred in the war on gaza late last year , preferably this stimulates the attitude of some arab countries to suspend its diplomatic relations with israel and to reconsider the bilateral agreements signed with it ...
on the palestinian level , is it permissible diversion in endless sterile dialogue between the palestinian factions , while israel continues the policy of changing the facts on the ground in jerusalem and other occupied palestinian cities as biting land and demolishing homes and settlement expansion ?
we have made a lot of efforts to achieve palestinian reconciliation and egypt cannot be postponed in light of the current circumstances , politically and on the ground , it is the logical continuation of palestinian disagreement instead of uniting national efforts to face the israeli occupation ? "
41 people , most of them civilians , were killed yesterday in a huge explosion carried out by a suicide bomber in a crowded market in northwestern pakistan , while the army is preparing to carry out a comprehensive attack on the rebels of the " taliban " movement , which claimed responsibility for the attack on the army headquarters in rawalpindi on saturday left 22 dead , according to the latest toll .
the suicide bomber threw himself at a convoy of paramilitary forces when it was passing in a market in the shangla area near the swat valley , who said his troops cleared from the rebels , " the taliban , " in a wide attack launched in last april .
but it seems that it is not possible to eliminate islamic rebel groups completely , as these groups launched a bold attack on the headquarters of the pakistani army on saturday raised concerns about nuclear country .
the " taliban " movement declared pakistan linked to al-qaeda and based in the northwestern tribal areas bordering afghanistan , claimed responsibility for the attack in which gunmen detained hostages for a whole day near islamabad .
the spokesman for the movement , tarek azzam said in a phone call : " we declare our responsibility for the attack on the headquarters .
punjab branch carried out this attack ... we have the capacity to strike anywhere in pakistan ... and we can target a lot of other important places " .
the yemeni army yesterday continued his attack on the houthis accused of armed rebellion in the southern suburbs of saada city , and a military official confirmed that the army advance in the direction of المقاش and punishment and al-and/lahej after fierce battles left about 37 people dead and dozens injured from the rebels .
he clarified that the air force fighter jets and artillery launched intensive raids on rebel strongholds in these areas during daylight hours and destroyed hideouts and fortifications to them , pointing out that the campaign , which resulted in many areas , and clearing roads and to reduce the number of mortar and artillery shells that houthi fired on army positions in recent days .
the yemeni defense ministry said that the army rebels caused great losses in lives and equipment when addressing the attacks launched by the rebels in the outskirts of the city , explaining that five al-houthi were killed in the al-and/lahej region , where the rebels took a center for the management of their operations , including leader approved جشيش .
in the city of saada , units of the army continued raids and prosecute " members of dormant cells belonging to al-houthi in the old city , " a military official said that the police forces " arrested 24 including 11 in the city of saada and 13 arrested in amran and in possession of weapons and ammunition and leaflets inciting violence and harm the security and social peace " .
in other words ,
no , i mean , the fact that a large number of turks want to look to the future that they seek to reduce the pain felt by the armenians or erase the events of 1915 .
as regards " the commission of history , " which suggests the governments of ankara and yerevan , it carries the risk of hardline turkish nationalists more than that carried by the armenian side .
in all cases , will be allowed to shed more light on the events of 1915 .
in turkey does not know much about the full extent of those events , except the official story that promote till this day .
they also recognize the current borders between the two countries , and this is another issue objected to " the armenian revolutionary federation party " ( dashnak ) .
they consider that this recognition will prevent to be able to ask turkey to land in the future .
but is the government in the world to enjoy its full right , cast doubt on these borders today - which is recognized by the international community - without considering the consequences , so what do you think of the problems that could be caused by this volatile part of the world ?
we must put the tashnag party - armenian موتورون carrying demands " revenge " . this question to himself and answers honestly .
when we think of these impossible dreams to the armenian side and look at the economic and social difficulties faced by armenia since its independence , we cannot but wonder if yerevan turkey hostage or hostages hardline elements in the diaspora .
swelling bank advertisements urging citizens to benefit from the housing loans .
the competition starts here , in roads and through posters scattered throughout the country .
" reduced interest , interest rate of 0 % , owned an apartment without a first batch , has now and share after two years " ...
these are some of the temptations that competing banks in providing , to attract aspiring to own apartments through access to banking facilities was not impossible , but he was just thinking about it a denounced matter , to be paid to the owner accused of madness .
what is the secret behind this " generosity " banking ?
why the bank is chasing the customer to lend him money , after the customer was suffering a lot to get a housing loan ?
the country is experiencing an unprecedented construction boom , and not only this phenomenon in a specific area or specific city , but also affect the whole area suitable for building wherever they are , the coast or a mountain or inventory .
the reasons are well known and common , based mainly on the presence of a large domestic and foreign demand for property , has not affected the price of real estate in lebanon , despite the financial crisis that devastated the world and spreading its weight on the real estate sector , out of the crisis and one of the main reasons .
" met lebanese and palestinian and islamic and christian cultural bodies gathered " at the press syndicate , under the slogan : " to defend jerusalem the capital of the earth and the sky and sacred places " , discussed in his meeting in the following situations in palestine , " and violations against jerusalem " .
the press syndicate muhammad baalbaki open pointed out that " the state of rape to defy the whole world in committing crimes in palestine , and in particular in jerusalem and the al-aqsa mosque , " he pointed out that the " attempts by the enemy to steal the al-aqsa mosque will not be successful , as long as the conscience of the world , all muslims and christians in the conscience of every honest " .
the secretary-general of the episcopal committee for christian islamic dialogue father anton dhaw confirmed " that jerusalem is the holy city and the capital of palestine , and no life for us without jerusalem as muslims and christians , arabs , " he said : " we go to jerusalem to support our oppressed people , against the enemy of freedom and civilization and culture and christianity and islam .
the blessed al-aqsa not only for muslims but the heart of human civilization , and when the attack on the attack on the church of the resurrection " . the cultural advisor mohamed hussein zada gave a speech in which he said the head of the iranian embassy , " meet in the palestinian arena to renew the pledge wrote on ourselves , after what was written by god almighty , is the era of commitment and loyalty to the land of messages and the source of the prophets and the birthplace of christ and the prophet .
palestine and al-aqsa mosque and the church of the nativity is the various titles to unite the nation , through which we can determine who is a friend and who is the enemy , but also cultural and religious and cultural standard for everything that reached human civilization from the values of achievements " .
" we are here because we are here because we are here ' . this is the اهزوجة british soldiers and they were running around the battlefields in the first world war .
this song , despite the passage of nearly one hundred years , attest to ' absurd ' wars that chen often without meaningful or sacred goal .
the soldiers in the battlefield because they are in the battlefields , and not for any other sacred cause .
so what has changed after one hundred years of fierce wars ?
the first world war ended after he lost more than twenty million people their lives .
i think the world that it will be the last war in europe , but another fiercer war erupted in the next two decades , since the second world war led to the death of more than fifty million people and ended with the use of the nuclear bomb for the first time by the united states .
continued western wars against the world , it was the korean war in the early fifties , then the vietnam war that exhausted the americans .
can be seen an important fact , which is that the major states or empires begin to disappear after the continuous wars waged against others , political and human and economic strain .
no one can be sure now whether palestinian reconciliation that cairo declared that it will sign on the twenty fifth of this month will be completed or not , and if it really took place in any conditions and at any level after it was expected to be a joyous ceremony was attended by president mahmoud abbas and the head of the political bureau of the hamas movement , khaled mashaal , accompanied representatives at a high level for each of the arab league , egypt , syria , saudi arabia and jordan and yemen .
although the egyptian foreign minister ahmed aboul gheit sought to ease the impact of the scandal of goldstone 's decision to postpone this reconciliation , but this does not prevent never say that this reconciliation now a big doubt that did not become in the wind , like it or not , and that to the extent that it would not be likely to be only a pale and far from celebratory atmosphere that was supposed to accompany it as a real breakthrough for a congested and the state of severe split over two years .
what happened in geneva cannot be justified or condoned way and will not be a state of denial or evasion of responsibility , which until now the palestinian president , which was followed by another manifestation of what he said to the yemeni television on monday denied that the palestinian authority is behind the postponement decision , which took place in geneva , and denied that any arab or islamic country had opposed the postponement , " and anyone who claims that he did not agree with his words are not true , " as stated on his tongue , exactly .
human rights watch organization warned on tuesday that " the war in darfur did not end ' contradictory statements by officials in the recent peace mission to the region , west of sudan , which is witnessing a civil war .
the organization defending human rights said that " the recent clashes between the sudanese armed forces under the leadership of the ruling party ( in khartoum ) and the rebels and indiscriminate bombing in darfur , is proof that the war has not ended ( .
the organization published a report on tuesday in the day is expected to start a meeting on darfur in moscow with the participation of delegates from sudan , the united states , russia , china , france , britain and the european union .
the ministry of foreign affairs declared that the us special envoy to sudan scott غرايشن will participate in the meeting , he will also visit the libyan capital tripoli ( to continue efforts to establish a rapprochement between the armed movements in darfur ( with the resumption of the peace process signed in october in doha , qatar , according to us authorities .
the commander of military operations in the united nations and the african union force in darfur martin luther agwai announced at the end of august that the war has ended in the darfur conflict , which left 300 dead , according to united nations estimates and ten thousand thousand according to khartoum , and led to the emigration of 7 . 2 million people .
but fighting erupted in september between rebels of the sudan liberation movement led by abdul wahed nour and the sudanese army in the corma area in north darfur . the organization confirmed that an air strike in the region may or pro - infected drinking water wells and civilians .
clashes between the army and the justice and equality movement rebels in may in umm preu , near the border with chad .
the international conference for peace issues in sudan started on tuesday in the russian capital moscow for two days , in a step that aims to open a dialogue between the parties in order to stop the ongoing fighting in darfur region and other areas in sudan .
participating in the conference envoys to sudan from the united nations , the european union , china , france , britain and the united states as well as the african union and the league of arab states .
it is expected that mikhail margelov , the russian president 's envoy to khartoum on the sidelines of the conference held a meeting with envoys of major countries to discuss the developments of the situation in sudan .
on his part , the sudanese president 's advisor ghazi salah al-din expressed his hope that the result of this conference presented recommendations to emerge from the current crisis in sudan .
salahuddin predicted that this conference will be meeting exploratory to diagnose problems in some parts of sudan and to propose solutions .
salah al-din said : " this meeting is not to take decisions on sudan , but it only offers different viewpoints and this may benefit the decision makers , " according to the arabic channel russia today ( ' on its website .
the israeli police detained yesterday evening , tuesday , the leader of the islamic movement in the 48 , sheikh raed salah , accused of inciting violence in jerusalem after recent clashes in the holy city .
sheikh raed salah was arrested during clashes between palestinians and israeli police in the wadi joz neighborhood in east jerusalem .
sheikh raed salah repeatedly during the past few days called on muslims in israel and in the palestinian territories to move ( to defend al-aqsa mosque ( .
the palestinians on tuesday continued clashes with the border police and the israeli security forces after the acts of violence in the surroundings of al aqsa mosque last week led to an escalation of tension in the region .
video footage showed masked palestinian youths throwing stones at the israeli soldiers with stones , where the soldiers chase them until the neighborhoods where they live .
the protesters also set fire in the middle of a street .
palestinian leaders launched a series of persistent warnings in the past week after clashes at the al-aqsa mosque in jerusalem between israeli police and protesters on the attempts by jewish extremists to break into the sanctuary .
the palestinian authority and its president mahmoud abbas personally bear the greatest responsibility in sin to withdraw a draft resolution to vote on judge richard goldstone , report on israeli war crimes in the gaza strip , submitted to the international human rights council .
but this does not exonerate at the same time a group of arab and islamic countries , and does not exempt it from the moral and political responsibility entrusted to them , to yield to the request of the ambassador of the shameful way that we saw .
the question of palestine is not , and should not be an issue of its sons only , it is arab and islamic cause , as well as a humanitarian issue as well , and this should not be left to the group sold its national conscience , and abandoned its duties , and traded in the blood of its martyrs , and turned into a tool in the hands of the enemies and lie to achieve personal interests .
arab and islamic countries must support sticks to national constants , and fights for his case , and that in order to address all deviant , unless these countries or their governments were looking for excuses offered by some of those who set themselves as agents of the palestinian people and exceeded all red lines .
dr. ihsanoglu lie , head of the organization of the islamic conference , the palestinian ambassador in geneva , and confirms that he was the one who contacted the arab and islamic group demanding the withdrawal of the draft resolution to vote , this is beautiful , and courageous stance taken .
but that yield and his colleagues for this demand despite its dangers on the arab and islamic nations , and easily seen , this is what we take him and all his colleagues .
the taliban movement on tuesday called on nato soldiers and the american forces to leave afghanistan .
if they do n't want to run for ' long war ' on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the start of the military operations at the end of 2001 led to the fall of the fundamentalist regime .
the afghan taliban movement said in an e-mail , " if you want to continue the occupation of this country proud in the name of combating terrorism to you to know that we have to be patient and ready for a long war ( .
the western occupiers ' movement ' that ' they should remember that read history books and remember that the afghan people was ready always to sacrifice for the sake of islam and his country ( .
in the statement , taliban confirmed that it does not intend to attack europe and that its goal ( of liberating the country and establish an islamic state ( .
taliban 's statements came on the eve of the eighth anniversary of the start of operations of the international forces in afghanistan .
after the attacks of september 11 , 2001 , the americans in the seventh of october launched their attack on the taliban regime that harbored al-qaeda carried out the attacks in the united states .
fundamentalists expelled from power in weeks .
two years ago the insurgency in afghanistan intensified and expanded to include all parts of the country .
the palestinian public opinion and many in the arab street started feverish pursuit against palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) and they accuse him of being the maker of the scandal and ed judge richard goldstone 's report on the recent israeli war on the gaza strip .
abu mazen is now demanding at least to resign after an apology over the damage caused by the decision to withdraw the goldstone commission 's report from the agenda of the un commission for human rights in geneva last friday , and some of them went , like , a leader of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) mahmoud al-zahhar , demanding the withdrawal of palestinian nationality from the palestinian president and bringing him to trial for treason .
abu mazen in the beginning tried to confirm that he is innocent of the charge of serious and threw the ball in the arab countries , which he said it has coordinated with the united states , france and other major powers ( to stay away from the official trading nations goldstone report .
however , he did not add to this position condemning or angry at what happened and did not condemn this arab and islamic countries to participate in the un human rights committee has done , paving the way for one of the most important of these allied countries to manage its back to him in his new ordeal when egyptian foreign minister declared that his country was not aware of the postponement decision only after taking and that president mahmoud abbas presented his interpretation of what happened .
then he quoted the palestinian presidency that abu mazen ordered the formation of an investigation committee to discuss the reality of what happened and defining the responsibility of each party .
yemeni forces killed 29 rebels declared حوثيا in recent battles witnessed by tuesday , north of yemen , in addition to the detention of 16 rebels and seized five trucks loaded with explosives .
according to the website , " 26 september . the spokesman for the yemeni defense ministry ' net that killed in battles in sada and amran governorates , districts , where the ongoing war between the governmental forces and the rebels of the houthis zaidites since august 11 .
these battles coincided with the visit of the secretary-general of the league of arab states amr moussa , who visited sanaa on tuesday in an attempt to push towards reaching solutions to crises in yemen .
moussa confirmed from sanaa that the principle of the unity of yemen and its stability should be the basis for any initiative or a solution to the problems of this country , which is witnessing south also mounting protest movement demanding separation .
in the south , thousands demonstrated tuesday night in al-dalea ( 220 km south of sanaa ) , demanding the release of the prisoners , especially the southern 15 activists were arrested during the day . thousands demonstrated on tuesday in south yemen , demanding the secretary-general of the arab league to support the separation of the south from the north .
hundreds also marched tuesday night in demonstrations in aden demanding ' disengagement ' with the north . eyewitnesses reported that a retired brigadier general in the army of yemen was detained along with 15 others , including two women , at a checkpoint near aden .
he also confirmed the location of the yemeni socialist party , which governs the state of the former south yemen , about two hundred people were arrested in aden ( during a demonstration was dispersed by force ( .
the south witnessed disorders during the past months against the backdrop of political and social demands , while some people believe that they are subjected to discrimination by the north and that they do not receive adequate development assistance .
a lebanese security official said on wednesday that the security services in lebanon investigates into allegations about the entry of hundreds of islamists loyal to al-qaeda to lebanon during the summer as tourists and stayed in the country for the sake of planning to launch terrorist attacks .
the senior official , who spoke on condition of anonymity to the german news agency ( said . b . a ' , ' our task is to make sure of these allegations . to know how it is correct ( .
lebanese media reported that about 700 of the arab countries . citizens and extremists belonging to sunni extremist groups such as al-qaeda . they entered lebanon in mid - august ( august ) and did not leave at all .
reports indicated that these extremists are planning to launch terrorist attacks inside lebanon and in several neighboring arab countries .
the source said that the lebanese security forces received information from the arab intelligence services about the suspects fled to lebanon .
he clarified that the authorities are looking into this matter .
many observers fear that take these extremists from lebanon , a new starting point for launching attacks against western citizens and israel .
several katyusha rockets were fired during the summer from south lebanon on northern israel , and no one has claimed responsibility for it , but many believe that the sunni fundamentalist groups are behind these attacks .
some exaggerate in that the demolition of the al-aqsa mosque will inflame the region and will make all arab regimes hostile to israel , this is unrealistic .
because what is happening now in the al-aqsa mosque is the participation and coverage of some arab regimes , led by the press with the hebrew entity .
because they are yearning for a comprehensive settlement with the hebrew state as they are asked to obama even without stopping settlement , based on the slogan of security for peace .
the demolition of the al-aqsa mosque in the opinion of those rulers will greatly help to complete this settlement .
because they find in this mosque the first moral motive for arabs and muslims to support the resistance .
we hear from some of those rulers if the demolition of the al-aqsa mosque , god forbid , that it is wrong to strategic and religiously sacred that is arab and islamic armies to launch a war on the hebrew entity in order to demolish the mosque .
the mother of the boy , saying , ' we do n't mind watching and more mature than the zionists , therefore we are going to ask our american friends to get filled the mosque to rebuild largely beautiful in all capitals of the arab countries to its moral value is the most important and not his place and construction , and to god crown conciliation ( .
the lawyer , sons of palestinian president mahmoud abbas , yasser and tareq announced on thursday that it has decided to sue the people and officials and media institutions in charge of defamation .
this decision comes after media reported that the palestinian authority decided to postpone the discussion of the goldstone report about the israeli attack on gaza strip according to an agreement with israel in order to grant palestinian national telecommunications company owned by two sons abbas frequencies to work .
the committee said in a press conference held in ramallah that it started with the legal procedures for proceedings ( against each month and instigated personal yasser and tareq abbas ' .
and confirmed that " the news published in various media about the presence of ownership of yasser and tareq abbas in the company 's false and no credibility , there is no relation or connection to the palestinian national company ( mobile ) from near or far ( .
the lawyer said karim shehada ' we will file lawsuits against all persons and the various institutions out of defamation and publishing lies against our clients in various media ( .
he referred to the " case filed by the israeli court in jerusalem ' , explaining that " the information published by the israeli television , a serious violation of the law and professional journalist ( .
lawyer ahmad al-sayad said , " will pursue any person anywhere around the world , whether at home or abroad , will sue everyone ... for the rehabilitation of mr. yasser and tareq abbas ' .
he said that the lawyers ' committee studied the issue well and felt based on legal grounds to condemn all responsible for defamation ( .
the french security authorities arrested thursday suspected islamists in central eastern france works as an engineer in the nuclear research center in geneva , accompanied by his brother , and suspected that he was planning to carry out an attack in france , according to a source close to the file on friday .
french men suspected that they were linked via the internet with members of the ( al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb ( , was arrested on thursday morning in the prefecture in the province of solvency , according to a judicial source .
the police arrested the brothers adults aged 25 and 32 years , in their home , according to the same source .
investigators carried out a search operation and seized laptop computers , three dvd memory and usa ' bbc ' keys to download information .
sources close to the case said that serious doubts over the older brother , indicating that he was still in the stage of ' hope ' to carry out an attack , it does not appear that ' concrete acts committed in preparation ) for an attack .
among the several contacts via the internet with people known for their proximity to the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb countries in north africa , the older brother ( 32 years ) prepared a list of several targets , according to the website of the french newspaper le figaro .
al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb countries ' ' replaced the salafist group for call and combat in algeria .
this group , which announced its sold to al-qaeda active in particular in the countries of the arab maghreb and mali .
the united arab emirates confirmed before the first committee of the general assembly of the united nations concerned with international security and disarmament that the peaceful uses of nuclear energy law , which was issued by the uae is considered an important step to embody the peaceful nature of the various aspects of its nuclear program , which will start its commercial operation in 2017 to benefit from the advantages of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes , especially for power generation and the development of medical services and industry .
this came in the statement made by ambassador ahmad abdul rahman al-garmin , the permanent representative of the state to the united nations before the committee meeting held to discuss items on its agenda for its 64 session .
al-garmin called on all states , in particular the nuclear states to show flexibility and the necessary political will and the followers of multilateral diplomacy in the ongoing international negotiations on disarmament issues . especially those related to the work of the 2010 conference to review the nuclear non-proliferation treaty , which marks the fortieth anniversary of the opening for signature .
he also renewed the emirates ' position which calls for the necessity of implementing the 13 steps agreed in the sixth conference on review of this treaty .
and also adhere to multilateralism and the principles agreed upon in the framework of treaties and other relevant international arrangements in order to achieve the aspirations of the vertical and horizontal proliferation . in parallel , and coinciding with the aspirations of the strategic disarmament and in its nuclear ' introduction .
goldstone report sounds alarm , and declared the dilemma of the palestinian national movement and blocked the horizon before it .
the dilemma is not the only authority dilemma , but also its opposition dilemma .
elusive performance of the authority and hamas ' ) , that the palestinian people with no leadership , and proved that a tug-of-war game authoritarian ropes , which is the only issue that mastered by the two parties .
as it seems that confronting the occupation in the stage of settlement and madness racial attack , which wants to settle the issue of seizing jerusalem by force , not on the agenda of any of the parties to the internal palestinian conflict .
the authority bowed to us - israeli pressures , and its islamic opposition swallowed its criticism of goldstone 's report and its refusal to , in order to defame the authority , in order to replace it .
the palestinian people are suffering today from a comprehensive leadership vacuum .
peace , which carried the us president , did not yield to today , only the nobel peace prize , and before the horizon blocked , due to the intransigence of the israeli government , which includes the right-wing likud , left-wing labor on the one hand ,
and the absence of any arab and palestinian serious pressure on israel and the united states on the other hand .
the negotiations in the current conditions , and in the balance of power is evident on the ground conflict , will not lead to a place .
political vacuum will grow , and indicators of security and economic stability in the west bank is not only a temporary situation and imaginary and fading fast .
the us special envoy to the middle east george mitchell told the palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas during their last meeting with the failure of his tour to reach with the israeli side to an agreement regarding the obligations required of it under the road map and stopping the settlements .
here is the obama administration after months by raising the expectations of the arabs through raising the idea of solving the arab-israeli conflict and freezing settlement , based on the mission represented by convincing the palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas to agree to a tacit agreement with regard to the settlements only neglected basic issues related to land , jerusalem , refugees and security .
the aim of the us administration not to address these issues , and especially the annexation of settlement blocs in the west bank to israel to help netanyahu in the composition of his ruling coalition to include the ( kadima party ( , led by former foreign minister tzipi livni , who did not join his government earlier this year .
and provide a quick diplomatic victory for obama , find supporters in the american zionist lobby aipac organization .
as the structure of the formal peace negotiations today is the only sphere of american interest , without core issues such as jerusalem , refugees , security and borders , remains for us to recall that the city of jerusalem in international law on the ground under the illegal occupation , and accordingly applied to the provisions of the fourth geneva convention of 1949 , which prohibit and criminalize all acts of confiscation of palestinian lands and forced expulsion and settlement and change the population and the demographic structure in the country .
41 people were killed on monday in an attack on the pakistani army suspected of carrying out a suicide attacker at a time when the taliban movement claimed responsibility for the attack that took place at the beginning of the week on the military headquarters .
extremists have intensified their attacks during the last week at a time when the pakistani army is preparing to launch a ground offensive in south waziristan , a stronghold of militants linked to al-qaeda .
the pakistani taliban movement fighters associated with al qaeda launched several attacks on foreign and government targets over the past two years , which resulted in the death of hundreds .
pakistani police said that the target of the attack , which took place on monday in the shangla area near the swat valley was a military convoy .
khan bahadur khan shangla district police chief said in a telephone interview , " it appears that it was a suicide attack . the attacker was one of three military vehicles were passing in the middle of the busiest market in the region ( .
the minister of information in the province , mian iftikhar hussain said that 41 people were killed , including six soldiers , while 45 others were injured .
meanwhile , u.s. special envoy george mitchell to the middle east to hold another round of talks with palestinian and israeli leaders , palestinian leader mahmoud abbas stands in the heart of violent gusts may affect the efforts to resume the peace talks .
abbas exposed to criticisms from members of the fatah party , which he leads , as well as his main rival , hamas .
the escalating resentment since the decision of the human rights council of the united nations last week to postpone voting on the goldstone report on the israeli military operation in the beginning of this year in the gaza strip , and around it .
while at the beginning , it seems that there is no link , the recent acts of violence that took place in and around the holy site in the old city of jerusalem , known as the haram al-sharif to muslims and the temple mount to jews , also linked to a number of analysts saw some palestinians sought to weaken abbas 's grip on power .
because the criticism that the biggest take the palestinians and some in the arab world to abbas is his approval of what seems to be allowed and even pressure in order to postpone the vote of the human rights council for several months .
as the report of the committee headed by south african judge and war crimes prosecutor richard goldstone strongly criticized the israeli activities in january .
the council representatives intend to vote on whether the document would be referred to the un security council .
a un official confirmed today ( wednesday ) , lower the level of violence and armed clashes in darfur region , west of sudan , which suffers from a civil war since 2003 .
peter ديكليرك high commissioner for refugees in sudan , said in a press conference in the headquarters of the united nations mission in khartoum , " we welcome the development that happened in darfur to reduce armed confrontations , and we hope to continue this positive trend " .
" however , we must not forget the continuing challenges faced by civilians living in the areas of displacement , which is not safe from the dangers of isolated attacks and bandits " .
he confirmed the readiness of the high commission for refugees to work to create the conditions that would lead to solid solutions in darfur .
he said , " we have to work in a manner more inclined to cover basic gaps , as part of our continuing focus on protection " .
" we will focus our programs to displaced persons only , but it will include stable and nomadic groups , groups , and we will work with the government to ensure that the necessary conditions to ensure the safety and security of civilians had been met " .
the un official criticized the phenomenon of kidnapping of humanitarian workers in darfur .
" regardless of the damage to the security of humanitarian workers , said that this phenomenon is working primarily on unarmed civilians affected by the war of the necessary protection and interventions to help them " .
officials and palestinian analysts said today ( wednesday ) that the palestinian internal controversy about postponing the vote on the goldstone report on the israeli war on gaza , making the reconciliation agreement " difficult " , despite egypt on october 25 as the date for determining the signing of the agreement .
the palestinian authority 's request to delay the vote on the report of the fact-finding committee formed by the un human rights council , headed by judge richard goldstone has provoked a fierce internal crisis cast a shadow over the efforts of the dialogue , which egypt is making great efforts to accomplish it .
strong and palestinian figures , as well as human rights organizations expressed their dissatisfaction with the palestinian authority 's stance towards a vote on the report , which condemns israel of committing " war crimes " during its bloody attack on gaza strip in last december .
walid al-awad , member of the political bureau of the palestinian people 's party , said " that the reconciliation agreement will be difficult and complicated and thorny , need to intensify palestinian efforts to complete its investigation on the ground " .
" it has been renewed contacts with all factions , including the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) in order to secure the holding of a dialogue session in time " , in a reference to the date of the signing of the reconciliation agreement in october 25 .
egyptian foreign minister ahmed abul gheit has declared last monday in amman , that the palestinian reconciliation agreement will be signed in cairo on 25 october between the palestinian factions , but an official source in hamas movement declared earlier today that the movement asked egypt to postpone the date of the signing of the reconciliation .
the source told news agency ( xinhua ) " that hamas as a condition for signing a reconciliation agreement that palestinian president mahmoud abbas to offer a public apology to the palestinian people to his position on postponing the vote on the goldstone report " .
he also demanded " that the arab countries sponsoring the agreement does not guarantee the uniqueness of president abbas fateful decisions , and releasing hamas prisoners detained in the prisons of the palestinian authority security services in the west bank " .
for his part , political analyst hani al-masri said , " the possibility of signing a reconciliation agreement retreated " . the egyptian view that the consequences of the goldstone report reflected negatively on the possibility of signing a reconciliation , " especially in light of the calls made by some hamas leaders on the postponement of reconciliation , and topple the palestinian president abbas and nationality as well as accusing the authority of treason " .
a palestinian official declared today ( wednesday ) that president mahmoud abbas will deliver a speech to clarify what happened on the postponement of the report of the fact-finding committee , headed by richard goldstone soon , accusing hamas of exploiting the issue to disrupt the palestinian dialogue .
jamal mohaisen , member of the central committee of the national liberation movement ( fatah ) said in a special statement to xinhua news agency , that abbas will return from his current foreign tour in the tenth of this month , where he will deliver a speech to clarify what happened on the postponement of the consideration of the report of the goldstone the un human rights council .
the establishment of the human rights council last friday to postpone voting on the south african judge richard goldstone report on the war on gaza , which accused israel of committing crimes " of war " , at the request of the palestinian authority has raised the palestinian and arab wide controversy .
on criticisms of hamas to president abbas on his position on the postponement of the report , mohaisen said that the hamas movement is a clear sign of the palestinian reconciliation agreement evaded in the twenty fifth of this month under egyptian sponsorship .
he added " that what was done by hamas of unprecedented criticisms on the person of president abbas , and what happened today in gaza photos depicting mr. president b " traitor " and the words " ridiculous " demonstrates that there is a clear consensus in all positions against the president and fatah movement between hamas and israel " .
the six parties talks face opportunities to get out of the difficulties with the concerted efforts of the parties involved , according to chinese vice foreign minister wu dawei today ( wednesday ) .
wu , who is also head of the chinese delegation at the talks , the six parties , these statements in a statement to respond to questions on the visit of chinese premier wen jiabao to the democratic people 's republic of korea .
wen arrived in the democratic people 's republic of korea leader kim jong il most important consensus on pushing forward the process of nuclear disarmament in the korean peninsula .
wen said this agreement is of great importance in the resumption of six-party talks .
indicating that the talks are facing important opportunities to get out of the difficulties .
wen paid an official goodwill visit to the democratic people 's republic of korea for three days , from 4 to 6 october .
during his meeting with wen last monday , kim said that the dprk is ready to attend the multilateral talks , including discussions of the six parties , depending on the progress in the talks with the united states of america .
the six parties include talks launched in 2003 on the nuclear issue on the korean peninsula , both china and the democratic people 's republic of korea and the united states of america and the republic of korea , russia and japan .
the talks have been stalled since the last round of talks held in beijing last december .
south korean foreign minister yu myung-hwan and french special envoy to the democratic people 's republic of korea agreed jack lang today ( wednesday ) to continue the bilateral cooperation on nuclear disarmament in the dprk .
during a meeting on a lunch banquet here liu spoke at length about the policies of seoul on the nuclear issue in the korean peninsula , and relations between the two koreas .
expressing his hope to deepen the bilateral cooperation between the two governments on policy making in the dprk .
senior diplomats in south korea said that seoul is willing to cooperate with the international community to provide aid to the dprk ,
pointing out that the government 's humanitarian aid to the dprk will continue , while a wide range of assistance , such as infrastructure construction and industrial projects in the dprk , is linked to the progress of the nuclear issue .
the french envoy , echoing liu 's remarks , said that he agrees with the viewpoint of seoul , on the situation in the korean peninsula .
stressing the importance of global cooperation in nuclear disarmament to the dprk .
he also told wang , who was appointed as a special envoy of french president nicolas sarkozy to the dprk last month to the media after his meeting with yu , that the european countries could participate in the process of compensating the dprk by the international community against its nuclear disarmament .
pakistani prime minister syed yousuf raza gilani on thursday stressed the need to strengthen the partnership between the public and private sectors , with regard to the establishment of a system for early warning and respond effectively to the situation of emergency to mitigate the effects of disasters .
the official pakistani news agency reported that gilani was delivering a speech at the opening ceremony of the conference , which was organized by the national authority for disaster management in the fourth anniversary of the devastating earthquake that killed about 80 thousand people and displaced about three million others in 2005 .
the prime minister said that the current response system needs to be strengthened through building institutional capacity at the federal level and the level of provincial and district level to achieve a response in time when dealing with large-scale disasters .
he said the government has devised a multi-pronged strategy to establish a comprehensive system of disaster management .
he clarified that the government intends to the institutionalization of the system through focusing on prevention , preparedness , response , recovery , relief .
he added that this development strategies designed to reduce risk and mitigation .
gilani said that pakistan needs to strengthen its capacity for early warning , especially with regard to drought and floods that occur frequently and major social and economic effects .
he said " it is important to keep the bitter memories of the earthquake on october 2005 when an entire generation of students under the rubble of the collapsed schools " .
yasser al-wadia , head of the delegation of independent palestinian figures in the palestinian dialogue , revealed that egypt promised to open the rafah crossing with the gaza strip after the signing of the palestinian reconciliation agreement directly .
al-wadia said in a statement obtained by xinhua on a copy of it , " that egypt has pledged to open the rafah crossing after the signing of a reconciliation agreement immediately " , adding " that the egyptian pledge to open the crossing came after a series of meetings and meetings with egyptian officials " .
foreign minister ahmed aboul gheit has recently announced in amman that the signing of a reconciliation agreement between the palestinian factions will be on the twenty fifth of october in cairo , but the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) called yesterday from egypt to postpone the signing of the agreement on the background of the crisis the goldstone report .
al-wadia stressed that independent personalities seeking now in order to provide genuine guarantees be enough to the steadfastness of the internal agreement and start a new stage on the internal level .
it is worth mentioning that the rafah crossing closed since hamas movement militarily to control the situation in the gaza strip in june 2007 ,
the egyptian authorities to open the crossing in exceptional cases to allow travel of patients and the stranded residents of gaza .
the arab league council at the level of delegates decided during its emergency meeting today ( thursday ) in cairo at the invitation of the general assembly of the united nations to hold a special session to discuss the situation in occupied jerusalem and the israeli violations of al aqsa mosque .
syria 's permanent representative to the arab league ambassador yusuf ahmed , who chaired the meeting , said in a press conference , that the arab group in the united nations will call for holding a special session of the general assembly of the united nations over the issue of jerusalem , with all its consequences , to the definition of serious crimes and state terrorism , which is carried out by israel .
he added that israel is trying to its actions in jerusalem and al-aqsa attention away from what the goldstone report on its war on the gaza strip , explaining that the arab position is still the same in terms of settlement and the peace process and normalization with israel .
" we are aware of the nature of the israeli policy , which is trying to continue to create new facts on the ground , and from here the arab position that no follow-up and no dialogue with israel except after stopping settlement , " he said , pointing out that the arab deficit is what helps the occupation authorities to continue its plans .
for his part , ambassador ahmed ben helli , deputy secretary general of the arab league , said that the league council charged the arab group in the united nations general assembly should move to confront the practices undertaken by israel with regard to jerusalem and the holy al-aqsa .
according to a senior political officials in the united nations on thursday that somalia torn by conflicts has made slow but significant progress towards stability , but the international financial support for the transitional government there is important . the official , the bbc said .
lynn pascoe , under-secretary-general of the united nations for political affairs , told the un security council that " the funds received today in somalia will have a much greater impact on the stability that will arrive in the next three months " , adding that " generous pledges to end , " to provide 200 million us dollars undertaken earlier this year must be implemented immediately .
he said the under-secretary-general for affairs support susana مايكورا will meet tomorrow with major donors to assess the level of fulfilling commitments .
on the other hand , said that the humanitarian situation in somalia " worsened dramatically " during the past three months due to the escalation of fighting in the capital mogadishu and increasing security imbalance in many areas in southern and central somalia and in-depth . drought and needs about 3.7 million people - or about 50 per cent of the population - currently living and humanitarian aid , to increase compared with 3.2 million people in january .
singapore , october 2009 ( xinhua ) 9 , a senior official said here on friday that the economic cooperation forum meeting for asia and the pacific ( apec ) 2009 will be a milestone in how it will put apec itself in the future .
he said transport minister and second minister for foreign affairs raymond lim singapore in the economic cooperation council for your call that challenges will always sound development of regional cooperation framework for asia and the pacific .
it is worth mentioning that the economic cooperation council pacific non-government official observer of apec , and includes members from the region of asia and the pacific .
he said that the political and economic balance indigenous peoples of the world is happening already , adding that developments in asia and the pacific , and especially the relationship between china and the united states is the focus of these changes .
he said that " the cumulative effects of critical events that could reverberate over time " .
he clarified that apec through its main task to promote regional economic integration still plays a key role in the regional equation , adding that apec brings together both sides of the pacific and prevent him from separation in the middle of the road .
he concluded his talk saying that apec will remain the main driving wheel for regional cooperation and the regional architecture as long as it continues its focus on its guiding principles . ( at the end of the news )
thousands of palestinians demonstrated in the west bank and gaza strip on friday , condemning the recent events carried out by the israeli authorities in the city of jerusalem and the al-aqsa mosque .
the demonstrations started in the gaza strip after friday prayer in response to an invitation from the islamic resistance movement hamas , which called for a day of anger in support of al-aqsa mosque , and condemning the palestinian authority to postpone voting on a report called " goldstone " in the human rights council .
the palestinian prime minister ismail haniya said that he " cannot be too far or concede our jerusalem and will pay all the sacrifices and precious to keep al aqsa mosque guarded and security for everything that enters the despite the crimes of the occupiers . "
hundreds of the movement 's supporters marched in al-nuseirat camp in central gaza strip and khan younis in the southern gaza strip , raising slogans and banners condemning the israeli aggressions on al aqsa mosque and jerusalem , and rejects the palestinian decision to postpone the discussion of the report , " goldstone " .
representative of the hamas movement , yehia moussa called in a speech before the demonstration organized in khan yunis , " al-aqsa is part of our faith and the axis of the conflict between right and wrong , and the arabs to realize the nation 's rise " .
moussa called on the egyptian leadership to postpone the signing of the palestinian reconciliation agreement to end what he called " the shame caused by the goldstone report " .
in al-nuseirat camp in central gaza strip , demonstrators demanded muslim scholars in the world to go out and protest and exercise their role in support of the al-aqsa mosque .
armed activities and hostile fire claimed the lives of three soldiers of the nato-led international security assistance force ( isaf ) in afghanistan , according to a press release issued by the coalition today ( saturday ) .
the statement said that " two isaf soldiers were killed in an explosion of an improvised explosive device on october 9 in eastern afghanistan " .
however , the statement did not specify the nationality of the soldiers killed , while saying that the third soldier who was killed in the same day yesterday was american .
he said , " on the same day , a us soldier died of his wounds in an attack by an improvised explosive device in southern afghanistan " .
the military alliance said that he was arrested ten militants in an operation launched by the isaf forces and the afghan security forces together in paul - any - alam , capital of logar province south .
the statement said that " the search operation was carried out without any injuries , and no civilians were injured during the operation " .
conflicts and violence this year has claimed the lives of 406 foreign soldiers , including 240 americans at least until now in the war-torn afghanistan war .
local media reported today ( saturday ) that one of the two detained by french police on suspicion of having links with al-qaeda , a scientist who works at the biggest station for atomic energy in the world .
the french authorities said yesterday ( friday ) that the brothers , who were not identified , are french ( 25 and 26 years old ) and that he was arrested in the city of vienne in southeast france , some 33 km south of lyon .
the european organization for nuclear research confirmed that one of the brothers biophysical specializes in projects analysis of the organization .
the organization said in a statement that the physicist has nothing to do with anything that can be used in terrorism .
the statement added that physicist analyst working in the collider big corn , the biggest atomic accelerator in the world .
the statement said " that his work does not make any connection with anything that can be used in terrorism . our research is not the possibility to be used in military applications , and all our results will be published publicly and in the public domain " .
local media reported that investigators suspect the fraternal contact via the internet with members of al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb group , and is a sunni extremist group frequently target government forces in algeria , and sometimes foreign attack .
it is worth mentioning that the suspect did not see anyone in the european organization for nuclear research since several months , according to the spokesman james gillies . this is not something unusual that the collider will not work , and there is no collision operations are being checked .
chinese premier wen jiabao and president of the republic of korea lee myung-bak and achieved a new japanese prime minister yukio hatoyama milestone , but also a new starting point for a tripartite cooperation mechanism to hold a second tripartite summit meeting here on saturday .
noticeable progress held the first tripartite summit between china and the republic of korea and japan in november 1999 in the form of " informal breakfast " on the sidelines of a meeting of the association of southeast asian nations excessive three countries ( 10 + 3 ) .
jin said this thing , a researcher in the biggest house experience in china , the chinese academy of social sciences , " the leaders of the three neighbouring countries sat down for the first time in the previous millennium around one table . " until 2009 , there were several annual tripartite meetings within the framework of the group of 10 + 3 , and has been held the first summit between china and the republic of korea and japan outside this framework in last december in japan .
in the past decade , the three countries focused on 11 , a major area of cooperation such as economy and trade , and information technology , and environmental protection , and established 15 dialogue mechanism on a ministerial level .
last year , the volume of trade between the three major economies in asia , which is currently 17 per cent of the world economy , 90 per cent in east asia , to 500 billion us dollars , mostly due to the sharp rise of the chinese economy , the growth of imports from the republic of korea and japan .
political and business leaders from china and belgium confirmed on friday reiterated their opposition to protectionism , amid reports that the european commission is preparing to propose an extension of anti-dumping duties on chinese shoes .
chinese vice premier , xi jinping , said in his speech during the opening ceremony of the economy and trade , the chinese - belgian forum , which was held in brussels on friday and was attended by more than 300 people from the chinese and belgian companies , " we must take concrete measures to combat all forms of protectionism in trade and investment . "
shi said that the further development of relations between china and the european union has faced new challenges and opportunities in a number of international issues , including the current global financial crisis .
shi said , who is on an official visit to belgium , the first leg of his tour that includes five countries in europe , " i think that mutually beneficial cooperation between china and the european union will better thanks to the joint efforts of the two countries in the future " .
zhongshan , chinese vice minister of commerce , said that the fact that china has sent a trade delegation composed of more than 100 chinese companies to belgium to push forward trade and investment between the two sides showed their desire to strengthen cooperation with other countries in the face of the financial crisis .
he said , " the chinese government stands firmly against protectionism .
israeli newspapers reported today ( sunday ) that the turkish army has decided to cancel the joint air exercises with israel was scheduled to start tomorrow ( monday ) in protest against the israeli military operation in the gaza strip last winter .
local newspaper jerusalem post quoted a statement by the office of the spokesman for the israeli army , " that the exercise was postponed due to turkey 's decision to change the composition of the participants , and not to allow the israeli air forces to participate " .
the newspaper report said that international air exercises , which carries the name of ( anatolian eagle ) was scheduled to be held this week , with the participation of turkey and the united states , israel , italy , nato forces .
it is worth mentioning that during recent years , israel and turkey carried out a number of military exercises with the participation of the united states in the mediterranean sea .
sources said israeli defense to the newspaper that turkey told israel last week that israel was prevented from participating in the exercises that ankara fears that israeli aircraft that participated in the cast lead operation in gaza will participate in military exercises .
the turkish army statement said that instead of international exercises , ankara has decided to hold the exercise alone .
the statement added that " is scheduled to be held anatolian eagle drill during the period between 12 and 23 october , but was suspended the participation of other countries " .
israeli media believes that the cancellation of the joint drill is another sign of " the continuation of the tension " between the two countries .
the effects of the explosion of three car bombs in ramadi , the capital of anbar province in western iraq on sunday , which resulted in the death of about 20 people , concerned citizens of the governorate for fear of the deterioration of the security situation and the return of violence again .
residents of the governorate 's concern comes from the deterioration of the security situation after the successes achieved in the governorate , which led to transform their county , one of the most dangerous provinces , to better secure and stable governorates .
the reasons for these explosions people due to the preoccupation of politicians in the coming elections , where each of them seeks to rally the biggest number of voters in favor of his list or bloc , while forgetting the security situation or loose , which is easy for those who were fishing in troubled water from carrying out their crime , according to mahmoud al-nabari from residents of ramadi .
a source in the ministry of interior , the iraqi news agency ( xinhua ) said " that two booby-trapped cars parked in the garage for parking , in return for the building of al-anbar governorate , amid ramadi city , the center of the governorate , exploded on succession , and a car bomb driven by a suicide bomber tried to attack the ramadi general hospital , killing 19 people including nine members of the iraqi police " .
the source pointed out that the three explosions resulted in the injury of 81 people , mostly iraqi policemen were injured , explaining that eight of the injured were critically injured .
the source said that the explosions resulted in burning dozens of civil and government cars , and causing damages to a number of government buildings and residential houses nearby .
the source confirmed that the local authorities decided to impose a curfew in the city of ramadi , declared allocating a financial reward of 10 million iraqi dinars ( about nine thousand dollars ) for anyone who gives information leading to the arrest of those involved in these attacks .
it is worth mentioning that al-anbar governorate formed the nucleus of the first cell in the awakening forces , which took it upon themselves to fight al-qaeda , and these forces have managed to expel the elements of this organization .
after the success of this experiment has been circulated to the rest of the iraqi governorates , but al-qaeda remained waits for opportunities between time and again to launch bloody attacks in the cities of al anbar governorate , in retaliation for the expulsion of its elements and kill them .
al-anbari said " that the responsibility for what happened today in ramadi , borne by politicians , because the security forces are engaged in providing protection for them , and leave the citizen to face his fate before a fierce attack carried out by parties may seek to take revenge on the people of the governorate because ( groups ) lost privileges .
in a related development , ressan fahdawi ( teacher ) agency ( xinhua ) said " i think the assumption of political parties standing behind the attacks , that al-qaeda network has been eliminated in anbar , which was based on the opinion of this , is that some tribal sheikhs and national personalities were held a meeting in the governorate building , and the explosion that targeted them , .
however , a security official in anbar province , who asked not to be named , accused al-qaeda network of standing behind these bloody attacks , saying " the fingerprints of al qaeda and its style is clear in these attacks , the first car exploded after minutes , while people gathered at the site of the explosion the second car exploded , and then a suicide bomber targeted the injured and their relatives who gathered near the hospital " .
the security official confirmed that this insidious method , which aims to catch the biggest number of victims followed by al-qaeda , and it is an indicator and fixed to the security authorities in the governorate , and even in the rest of the other governorates .
it is worth mentioning that al anbar province was one of the most dangerous iraqi provinces , having dominated by al-qaeda during the first three years of the occupation , but the people of the governorate turned against this organization in 2006 , after the killing of hundreds of its citizens and confiscated the identity of this organization .
anbar residents managed to take revenge on al-qaeda and expel him out of their cities after they killed hundreds of its members and detained like them , which reflected positively on the security situation across iraq .
news conflicted on sunday ) between the national liberation movement ( fatah ) and islamic resistance ( hamas ) with regard to postpone or give the date of the national reconciliation agreement between the palestinian factions , at the same time , started in the egyptian stance " is not decisive " on the date .
this contradiction is also within each movement separately as well , especially hamas , while sources in the movement said about egypt 's approval to postpone the dialogue , left leaders to declare no agreement with egyptian officials on any date .
an official source in the hamas movement to xinhua news agency , said that there is " an initial approval " from egypt as part of a new proposal to postpone the palestinian dialogue at the request , adding that egypt understands the reasons for the lack of an appropriate atmosphere for the time being to go to a round of dialogue and the signing of a reconciliation .
the source added that hamas and egypt have agreed to continue contacts and consultations to determine a suitable time for dialogue , suggesting that the time ceiling for the decision to postpone the dialogue might be extended from one to two months at least .
but khalil living member of the political bureau of the hamas movement , " we say clearly that we did not agree yet with the brothers in egypt or give a promise or approval of any date for a final round of reconciliation , whether in the 25 of the current month or other dates " .
the leaders of south america and africa will meet in kenya in december of this year to establish stronger cooperation between the two regions and discuss their positions with regard to a number of pressing international concerns .
a statement issued by the kenyan foreign ministry said today ( monday ) that south - south cooperation summit that will be held in the period from the first to the third of december in nairobi will gather delegates from africa and south america .
the statement clarified that the summit will give kenya a concession to push forward the economic development issues , including concerns involved on the environment .
the statement added that " the summit will also lay the foundation for the position of the south before the copenhagen summit on climate change , which is scheduled to be held in the period from the seventh until 18 december 2009 " .
hosting the summit comes after the active campaign led by kenyan delegates in the general assembly of the united nations , which ended recently in new york . was reached the decision by a collective agreement in september 14 .
the summit is taking place against the backdrop of the conferences and summits of the united nations on the economic , social and related fields , including the doha declaration on financing for development , and the havana programme of action , which had been alerted in the first south summit on the framework of marrakech work to implement the south - south cooperation .
kenya is working with a special unit for south - south cooperation in preparation for the conference .
iraqi oil minister hussein al-shahristani predicted a further increase in the iraqi budget up to five billion dollars through increased production and oil exports .
the national center for media ( official belonging to the iraqi government agency ) quoted a source in the ministry of oil today ( monday ) as saying " that oil minister expected an increase in the federal budget through an increase in production and export oil during the last months " .
he added that this increase took place in the southern fields where production of those fields reached more than 100 thousand barrels a day , indicating that the ministry and through plans and national effort to add to the local authorities concerned to increase actual production will reach 400 thousand barrels per day during the coming period .
the source confirmed that the oil ministry is currently exceeded its highest levels in oil production reaching more than two million barrels per day .
it is worth mentioning that iraq depends mainly on oil in the general budget of the state , and as a result of the global economic crisis and falling oil prices in the international market , iraq was forced to cut its budget to less than 60 billion dollars , while he was planning to be more than 70 billion dollars .
british prime minister gordon brown announced today ( monday ) the sale of state assets to the value of 16 million pounds ( 25.4 billion u.s. dollars ) in an attempt to reduce the high government debt .
brown said economists in central london " we plan to sell assets to deal with the problems of religion and will be sold assets with a value of 16 billion pounds during the next two years " .
brown said that the british government will sell the railway line , which passes under the sea , a bridge , and the company bets to collect 3 billion pounds ( 4.8 billion dollars ) to help address the problem of ballooning debt .
he also said that the british local governments will sell other assets with a value of 13 billion pounds ( 21 billion u.s. dollars ) , including the areas of commercial and entertainment centres .
it will help to fund investment and debt reduction .
british business minister peter mandelson to sky ) news said today that the sale process " will help us to reduce the deficit without prejudice to vital public services .
" the british government debt increased in recent years as a result of severe economic recession .
finance minister alistair darling predicted that the rise of public borrowing to the government 's record to 175 billion pounds in the current year .
senior chinese official zhou yongkang met here tuesday with sudanese minister of state for foreign affairs ali ahmed karteh .
zhou , who is a member of the standing committee of the political bureau of the central committee of the communist party of china , said , " we are glad to see the progress made by sudan to solve the darfur issue in an appropriate manner and promote the peace process between the north and the south of the country " .
in a tribute to the chinese - sudanese relations since its establishment since 50 years ago , zhu said that the fruitful cooperation which serves the two sides presented a successful example of cooperation between developing countries and brought tangible benefits to the two peoples .
" we commend the sudan 's firm support on issues related to our main concern , noting that china will support sudan in any case to help in the country 's peace , stability and development .
zhu said that china will increase the speed of achieving a bilateral cooperation agreement on oil and credit and projects , and to study further cooperation in agriculture and other fields .
he hoped that sudan is making new progress in economic growth and the standard of living of citizens .
karteh said that his country is grateful for china 's help , and hopes that the two countries expand cooperation in agriculture and all sectors in a bid to benefit the people of the two countries .
it is worth mentioning that china and sudan established diplomatic relations in the fourth of february 1959 .
and between the two countries strong economic cooperation , and the bilateral trade volume reached 8.2 billion u.s. dollars in 2008 .
an egyptian security source denied today ( tuesday ) the death of yusuf abu zahri , brother of the leader of the islamic resistance movement ( hamas ) , sami abu zahri , as a result of torture in one of the egyptian prisons , according to egypt 's news website .
the website quoted the source as saying today , that yousef abu zahri , brother of the leader of the movement ( hamas ) sami abu zahri died naturally as a result of a sharp drop in blood pressure and a rise in salt and urea .
fawzi barhoum , a spokesman for hamas said in statements today , that yousef abu zahri ( 38 years old ) , who is the brother of hamas spokesman sami abu zuhri died today in one of the egyptian prisons , indicating that he is detained in one of the egyptian prisons since six months , refusing to talk about the backgrounds of his detention .
on its part , sources in hamas said that yousef abu zuhri was detained by the egyptian authorities on april 28 last year when he entered egyptian territory and has been subjected to investigation by egyptian security time in one of the houses in the egyptian city of al-arish .
on his part , sami abu zahri accused egyptian security of torturing his brother to death , saying that the deceased was subjected " to brutal torture " in egyptian prisons . he added that his brother was a sharp bleeding as a result of torture , which was exposed to the egyptian prisons during the past two weeks and rejected the egyptian prisons , he was taken to the hospital , but after his health condition deteriorated .
indian ( extreme left-wing naxal rebels ) launched new attacks in the middle of last night , amid reports the government planning for the attack on them , which resulted in the destruction of communications towers and railways and the office of the local council of the village and a school , on the second day of the strike , which lasted for two days in the states of bihar and jharkhand in the eastern region .
a senior police official said " about 150 rebels from the naxal rebels destroyed the office of railway station in انشيبور in the district of اخيساراي in bihar and set on fire , causing disruption of train movement for almost 6 hours .
in neighbouring munger district , also another group of gunmen carried out the bombing of the office of the local council of one of the villages , which resulted in the destruction of furniture in the office and set fire to the documents relating to the proceeds of land . but there was no one in the office when the rebels launched the attack in support of their strike against ) atrocities ( committed by the police . "
in a similar accident , the naxal rebels blew up a school building in the تشهاترا in jharkhand through detonated powerful explosive devices , according to him , the official said , adding that there were no reports of casualties in each of the two states .
the official said " it was sending teams of the police to arrest those responsible for the violence in the two states . "
he said 17 members of the czech parliament today ( saturday ) that they will assign a number of lawyers to file a complaint legal objection to the lisbon treaty in the constitutional court .
local media reported that members of parliament , asking the court to determine whether the treaty as a whole , instead of specific items , in line with the constitution in the czech republic .
he said the parliamentary member jerry اوبرفلازر that will be lifted the complaint in the period between thursday and next sunday .
it is possible that this is the only obstacle to the process of ratification of the treaty , the last step before signing the czech president vaclav klaus .
thomas angas , secretary general of the constitutional court , said that such a step will complicate the decision-making process in the court . he said " that any new procedure will mean difficult process . "
put the lisbon treaty in order to modernize and strengthen the institutions and decision-making powers in the european union in line with its size roughly doubled since 2004 .
with ireland and poland 's recent ratification of the treaty , now the czech republic remains the only obstacle in front of the reform treaty , which requires unanimous ratification of the member states of the union .
the saudi ministry of interior declared today ( tuesday ) killed two terrorists and arrested a third , in an exchange of fire with the saudi security forces , that one of its members was killed and another injured near a checkpoint in the area of jizan in the south of the country .
according to the saudi news agency , the security spokesman major general mansour al-turki , the ministry 's spokesman said that two armed terrorist elements were killed , and arrested a third in an exchange of fire with the saudi security forces today morning at a checkpoint in the area of jizan in the south of saudi arabia .
he added that the armed confrontation that took place at a security point red in the jizan region resulted in a saudi security man was also killed , and another injured when gunmen disguised in women clothes opened fire on them at the moment to stop them for inspection .
he added that the security operation was carried out in the light of receiving information about the deviant group planning to carry out terrorist crimes against the breach of security and public order , where he was suspected of a kind of salon was carrying three people , including two women 's clothes .
" when the arrival of the security inspector was summoned according to regulations and instructions to verify the identity of the two women 's clothing in the car by firing intensively at security men took the initiative to respond to them in the same way , which led to the death of two people who were riding in the car and arrested the third " .
the european union and china held here on tuesday , the fourth high-level meeting on regional policy in order to strengthen bilateral cooperation in this field .
the annual meeting will be held within the framework of dialogue between the european union - china on regional policy , with a view to agreeing on a joint action program for 2010 to ensure the exchange of expertise beneficial to both sides on regional policy .
the european commissioner for regional policy bao ساميكي said in a press statement before the meeting that " a regional policy dialogue is one of the most successful aspects of cooperation in a comprehensive political dialogue between the eu and china " .
the commissioner said that he was " still there we have a lot to learn from each other on how to deal with our own challenges on regional policy .
the meeting focused primarily on the deployment of a joint study on regional policies of the european union and china .
the study will compare , which should be ready by the end of this year , including the main aspects of regional policy in china and the european union , including the classification of areas , and the regional issues , and the role of regional policy in promoting innovation and competitiveness .
the meeting also covered a training program for two weeks to about 30 chinese participants , including visits to projects supported by the eu regional policy in various member states .
israeli cancer association declared today ( tuesday ) that the survival rate among cancer patients in israel is among the highest in the world , according to the jerusalem post ) , local on its website .
the data revealed its activities carried out in cooperation with the israeli ministry of health , and the national health services in a press conference , before launching a voluntary national campaign next monday .
according to the data , 61.4 percent of males and 67.3 percent of jews jews females living at least five years after the moment diagnosed in their cases that they suffer from cancer .
in the israeli arab sector , 50.7 percent of men and 64.9 percent of women live at least five years .
the newspaper quoted mischa ارحا , responsible for cancer patients records in the ministry of health in israel , saying that israel occupies the top position of the united states of america , finland , italy , norway and other countries in terms of this rate .
ارحا added that " one of the most important factors with regard to the chances of survival is the stage that will be discovered the disease . and affect public awareness and early diagnosis and new technologies to diagnose cancer . "
bloomberg company agreed on tuesday to seize businessweek magazine , affiliated to the dar ماكغروهيل as a win for publication , but the terms of the agreement have not yet been announced .
bloomberg reported that the deal includes print and electronic site businessweek magazine . com .
bloomberg chairman peter غراور said in a statement , that the acquisition will strengthen products issued via the internet , television and mobile phones .
it is expected that the norman بيرلستاين , executive president of the liberation of bloomberg , post editor-in-chief of business and lake .
it is worth mentioning that the businessweek , founded in 1929 , has more than 4.7 million readers a week in about 140 countries and regions , according to its website .
they discussed the company 's mother , ماكغروهيل win , strategic options for the magazine , due to lower advertising sales and trading down .
company ماكغروهيل . in a separate statement , said that the deal would enable it to focus on building their other brands .
it is worth mentioning that bloomberg , the financial information provider based in new york , is the parent company of bloomberg news agency .
employs more than 10 thousand people in more than 135 offices around the world .
britain : arrests in several cities and a car bombing suspect linked to the london and glasgow attacks failed b - al qaeda and fears of other imminent attacks .
while the british security services were put on alert for other attacks , peter clarke , head of the anti-terrorism division in scotland yard police , announced that the investigation into the attack three failed attempts in london and glasgow , led b - maximum speed .
for his part , the new british prime minister gordon brown , hinted at a link to " al-qaeda in the two car bombs that were found in london , and the failed attack in glasgow .
official sources confirmed the existence of a link between the three attacks .
police launched raids and inspections of homes in glasgow and staffordshire and liverpool , raising the number of detainees to 5 suspects , including a four-wheel drive car passengers cherokee , who broke into the glasgow airport terminal , which is burning , trying to explode it .
the police said that a car exploded yesterday , was suspected of near a hospital in paisley , near glasgow , scotland ) , where he is being treated , one of those who failed in the car at the glasgow airport attack .
police arrested a man and a woman in her twenties in a car on a main road in chester , while a man was arrested in liverpool , 36 years old .
the government reiterated the israeli spy vanunu to 6 months in prison for violating the restrictions imposed on him since the release .
the israeli spy in the nuclear field , mordechai vanunu , yesterday , was sentenced to six months imprisonment with force , because he violated the restrictions imposed on him since his release in 2004 .
the israeli authorities have imposed restrictions for his release , including a ban on travel abroad and speak to the media and foreigners without obtaining prior permission from the internal security service ( shin bet ) , which claimed that it is still capable of harming the security of the state through reveal more classified information .
the court in jerusalem condemned vanunu to hold contacts with citizens and foreign journalists and that he tried to leave the israeli territories to go to ramallah in what violates the restrictions imposed on him since his release in 2004 after spending 18 years in prison .
in addition to six months imprisonment with force , he was sentenced to six months imprisonment with stay of execution .
the court said in its ruling even though he violated 14 once the restrictions were subject to it , the court decided to have compassion for him and not judge him only six months imprisonment with force .
vanunu was facing a prison sentence of 7 years .
the jerusalem court confirmed that the defendant said that he considers the restrictions imposed by the israeli judiciary illegitimate .
were released vanunu in april 2004 after he spent 18 years in prison , but the judiciary as a lot of freedom of movement .
the israeli authorities consider that it has accurate information dating back to the era in which he worked in dimona reactor in the negev desert ( south ) .
he was convicted after 1986 israeli nuclear secrets to the british sunday times newspaper revealed .
mordechai presented several times appeals before the supreme court to lift the restrictions imposed on him , but to no avail .
vanunu insists moroccan - born israeli who worked in the israeli reactor , located near the town of dimona in southern israel at the end of the seventies of the last century and the beginning of the eighties , that he does not have anything new can be revealed .
no longer vanunu , who converted to christianity considers himself israelis , and has asked for asylum in several western countries in vain since his release , and he is complaining that he is subject to permanent monitoring .
he did not recognize the jewish state never to possess a nuclear arsenal , but a number of foreign experts confirm , based on the testimony of vanunu and other elements that it has about two hundred nuclear warheads and long-range missiles .
ban ki-moon to withdraw his report about the desert after controversy over the content of the report focused on the initiative of morocco and the polisario proposals ignored .
the secretary-general of the united nations ban ki-moon a report prepared by withdrawing from the negotiations that took place between morocco and the polisario front last month in new york , after the controversy caused by a reference to the report of morocco , which calls for granting western sahara autonomy initiative without mentioning the polisario proposal calling for the holding of a referendum on self - determination .
ban ki-moon stressed the need to amend the report .
while no comment morocco immediately on this news , spanish media sources reported that the polisario and protests in support of their countries , especially algeria and south africa came after a report included ban ki-moon 's call for the front to abandon its ambition and discuss a plan proposed by the autonomous part of morocco , and this is what the secretary general of the international organization to withdraw the report from the official website of the united nations in order to push forward amendments to it to avoid an escalation in the horizon of the preparations for the next round of negotiations on august 10 ) next in new york .
rabat has sent an implicit message to the polisario and systematic international last week by announcing its readiness to negotiate on anything else outside the self-rule proposal .
on his part , ahmed boukhari said polisario representative to the international organization : there are two proposals on the table , and the two sides will deal with them .
there is no room for other recommendations or observations which may create problems rather than to help the operation .
before the controversy caused by the report , a statement issued by the united nations said that the interest of the operation , peter van walsum , the special envoy of the secretary - general , to the un security council a week to submit an oral report instead of a written report .
a third republican senator joins the list of critics of bush 's policy in iraq .
domenici called for a new strategy and held the iraqi government responsible for the failure .
a prominent republican senator joined the critics of president george bush 's policy in iraq , calling for a new strategy days before a new confrontation in the congress .
senator from new mexico house domenici , a member of the senate since three decades , a candidate in the 2008 elections , is the third republican official nafez within ten days publicly opposes the policy of increasing the number of american troops in iraq , which will be followed by the us president .
domenici said during a press conference in albuquerque in new mexico , the day before yesterday , does not support the continuation of the current strategy holding the iraqi government responsible for the lack of sufficient progress on the basis of the american soldiers sacrifices deserve .
quoted him as saying the french press agency does not support an immediate withdrawal from iraq or cut funding for our troops .
but he added a new strategy support carrying our soldiers from combat operations and put them on their way back to their country .
he clarified that the iraqi government is that fail to make even small progress to help iraq or to benefit the sacrifices made by our soldiers and our soldiers .
senator indicated his support projects presented to the senate calls for implementing the recommendations of the study group on iraq , consisting of the two parties , which was published last year .
this group recommended adopting a policy aimed at removing the bulk of us combat troops from iraq by march 2008 .
she said some us troops should remain in iraq to train the new iraqi army and protecting us facilities and carry out missions quick interference against terrorists .
bush said on tuesday that the strategy is based on sending reinforcements thirty thousand additional soldiers to iraq , which reached its peak now , must be given a chance to succeed .
bush said if we leave iraq before achieving the mission will not declare the terrorists their victory and will not lay down their arms .
bush does not even will look at يطادرون here in our homes .
no matter how difficult struggle in iraq , we must win .
last week , the republican senator richard lugar very powerful shock in the political circles in washington when he said before the senate , that the policy of sending reinforcements do not possess the chances of success .
it also recommended the republican george voinovich also to withdraw from iraq .
domenici 's remarks came days before members of congress return to washington after a week 's suspension with the readiness of the democrats who dominate congress to launch a new attack on bush 's policy in iraq .
senior officials in the house of representatives and the senate democrats commented on domenici 's remarks .
leader of the house of representatives nancy pelosi said that the question is whether the republicans opposed to bush will join the vote for change approach in iraq and soldiers return to their homes ?
how long to wait to respect the wishes of the americans in ending this war ? added .
the democratic majority leader in the senate , harry reid , senator domenici said right in his mind that the us administration 's strategy in this war is wrong .
he added but we will not see the necessary change in the approach to iraq unless members of the senate , like domenici , lugar and voinovich stand in the face of the us president and his stubbornness in sticking to this policy failed .
bush 's envoy to sudan arrives in khartoum to accelerate the darfur peace talks in the security council on the implementation of the decision to deploy forces in the region .
the us president 's envoy to sudan andrew natsios began a visit to the country yesterday in a field tour in the troubled region of darfur , the us envoy 's visit , which is the second of its kind since his appointment to the post earlier this year , comes just days after a personal attack against the sudanese president omar al-bashir to hinder the peace process in darfur , and incites the rebels in the region against the peace efforts , one day after the visit by envoys from the african union and the united nations on drawing up a road map for the resumption of peace negotiations between the sudanese government and darfur militants who reject abuja agreement fragile .
informed sources in khartoum said that the visit of the us president 's envoy to sudan , which will last 7 days , aiming to stand on the developments in the situation and the implementation of the comprehensive peace agreement in the south and abuja agreement for peace in darfur .
natsios talks with a number of officials in the country , including the first vice president salva kiir mayardit , the group includes vice president ali osman mohamed taha , a senior aide to president minni arkou minnawi , and dr. lam akol اجاوين , the sudanese foreign minister .
he will visit after south sudan .
meanwhile , sudan 's permanent representative to the united nations abdalmahmood abdalhaleem said that there are closed in consultations among the permanent member states in the security council about some possible elements for a draft resolution on the hybrid operation in darfur .
he expected that extending the consultations during the current week to experts and the rest of the member states in the council , and then later a session of the security council to determine the official trading on the project and the adoption of the hybrid operation .
abdul halim said that the months of july and august ) next characterized by the importance with regard to the developments of the darfur issue , as it is expected that the security council to issue a resolution on the mandate and financing of the hybrid operation , and will increase the pace of a peaceful solution to the issue , and referred to the current visit to the country to both jan eliasson and salim ahmed salim , the united nations , the african union envoy for peace in sudan , which will be followed by a conference in tripoli in the middle of the current month on darfur to august which will begin political negotiations with those rejecting abuja , as specified in the road map ,
he also pointed to start implementing what has been agreed upon previously represented in the arrival of the new commander of the african forces and the joint envoy of the united nations and the african union to khartoum .
delegates said that the sudan mission in new york to participate in the consultations to ensure that the draft resolution on the hybrid operation comes in line with the principles and previous references which were approved by .
abdul al-mahmoud clarified that the security council will hold a meeting next thursday to hear a report on the visit of its members to a number of african countries , including sudan .
disneyland hong kong attract more chinese tourists .
with the tenth anniversary of the end of british rule in hong kong and return the island after 150 years to china , hong kong disneyland entertainment city , suffering from a low income , on tuesday opened a promotional exhibition in the city of south china 's guangdong , in an attempt from its side to attract more chinese visitors .
the move might be very important economically , especially with the chinese economic openness to the world and to adopt a policy of the market that produced so far a lot of the rich and now competes in their number of countries of the western world .
it is worth mentioning that the exhibition , which established the city , whose investments reached 3 billion dollars to be presented in using multimedia many elements of entertainment in the city and copies of its contents , which is the first of its kind in the world .
as part of the promotional campaign itself disneyland hong kong , according to the german news agency , carried out by distributing 270 compressed video disc ( dvd ) in different parts of china to encourage more chinese , especially in the southern regions on her visit in hong kong .
some reports say that there are more than 100 million chinese in good financial capabilities to enable them from practicing foreign tourism , and thus this that hong kong is not the only one who will benefit from this tourist flow .
it is worth mentioning that the hong kong disneyland opened its doors to the public in september 2005 .
he did not declare any statements , especially in visitor numbers since admitted its failure in reaching the target for the first year and 5.6 million visitors .
the moroccan king supports sarkozy 's mediterranean project in a message of congratulations on the occasion of the national day of france .
the moroccan monarch , king mohammed vi , renewed his support for the french president , nicolas sarkozy , which calls for the establishment of a union for the mediterranean basin countries .
king mohammed vi described in a congratulatory message sent by sarkozy to mark the french national day , which falls on july 14 , the mediterranean project as creative , because it responds to the aspirations of the peoples of the region and contribute to lift the real challenges before it , as stated in the letter of ownership .
morocco 's king praised the ambitious reforms carried out by the new president of france , resolutely , and with what is characterized by its feet and thaqeb consideration in order to continue radiation france and strengthen its international position .
the moroccan king expressed his happiness to visit the future state that will be carried out by sarkozy initially next october , saying : it will represent another occasion to celebrate the french - moroccan friendship friendship and to establish joint action to support the values of peace , democracy and dialogue and understanding between cultures .
it was supposed to include morocco , sarkozy as part of his first visit to some of the maghreb countries , where only at the end of a visit to algeria , tunisia , after morocco 's request to postpone the visit sarkozy for him because of the intensity of the agenda the moroccan king , who was on sarkozy 's visit to algeria , in the city of jeddah ( east ) .
rabat justified the postponement , as it wants to be sarkozy 's official shrine in morocco for a state visit , which is supposed to last as long as possible , available with them to hold discussions and in-depth and extensive consultations , dealing with bilateral relations as well as regional and international issues .
it seems that the french presidency satisfied moroccan justifications , hurried to deny the existence of any passing cloud in the atmosphere of relations between rabat and paris , but the french president pledged to return to the arab maghreb countries to stay longer , and that his short visit to algeria , tunisia , dictated by other obligations waiting for him in his country to create next to enter the political , as well as commitments at the european level .
find the application of the convention wanted ... and israel denies a soon withdrawal from palestinian cities .
the palestinian authority 's efforts aimed at ending the file of fugitives belonging to al-aqsa brigades , " the military wing of fatah movement , stumbled after israel refused to agree to stop pursuing 206 fugitives who asked the authority that includes israeli amnesty decision .
israel justified its refusal by claiming that chased from the first list did not hand over their weapons to the security services , or did not sign a pledge to stop attacks on israel .
security sources said was responsible for " the middle east that israel refuses to stop pursuing 28 of the brigades fugitives mainly in the west bank , most of them in nablus and jenin in charge of their contact with the lebanese hezbollah .
israeli yediot aharonot newspaper has said that the head of the israeli shabak ( internal security ) chief yuval diskin met with the palestinian minister of interior abdul razzaq al-yahia and other security leaders in ramallah more than once in order to find a solution acceptable to those fugitives .
then , security sources told " the middle east confirmed the correctness of what came , but they refused to discuss the details .
however , well-informed sources in al-aqsa brigades told " al-sharq al-awsat that israel raised the dimensions of the 28 wanted to outside the palestinian territories , or gathering them in ramallah or jericho , which was rejected by the authority .
it seems that due to the current crisis did not deliver the list of supposed authority last wednesday , israel would include about 120 wanted , according to the brigades .
it is worth mentioning that the controversy erupted in al-aqsa brigades on the decision to stop the attacks on israel .
leaders in the brigades rejected the decision to stop the attacks , who announced his zakariya al-zubaidi , leader of the brigades in jenin and told " the middle east that it is not binding .
in a related context , a spokeswoman for the israeli government spokesman miri eisin denied the news reported by newspapers and agencies by palestinian officials near the israeli withdrawal from the two cities of qalqilia and jericho .
she said : not all what it calls palestinian implemented .
the site of yediot aharonot recently about a palestinian official reported that the authority discusses with the israelis a plan to transfer sovereignty over the palestinian cities from 3 stages , starting in qalqilia and jericho , ramallah and bethlehem , then ends in tulkarm , according to the source , was the exception of nablus and jenin .
in addition , the israeli army widened its operations in the west bank and arrested more than 25 palestinians last night from different cities in the west bank on the eve of the release of 256 palestinian prisoners are supposed to be released at 9 a.m. , gathering them at a barrier of bitonia near ramallah , according to the israeli prisons directorate , which declared that it is waiting for the approval of the israeli supreme court in the wake of presenting petitions demanding to refrain from releasing palestinian prisoners , noting that the israeli public prosecution informed the court that the political decision , and no power to eradicate it .
it is worth mentioning that the palestinian president mahmoud abbas ( abu mazen ) will receive the released prisoners at the grave of late president yasser arafat in the presidential headquarters in ramallah .
reiterating that acts of production and shipping aramco were not affected by the fire to impose ras tanura announced the death of 4 workers and injuring 12 others .
saudi aramco , announced that it had resulted in the fire , which broke out last thursday 's incident in imposing production north of ras tanura , the death of 4 workers , filipino , indian and sri lankan , belonging to the maintenance contractors working on the project .
moreover , this incident to saudi from saudi aramco employees , and injured 11 injured workers belong to the contractors implementing the maintenance project , they were 6 indians and 4 sri lankans , and one bangladeshi .
through the head of saudi aramco , and senior administrators of the executive agency , abdullah sword , his deep sadness and condolences to the families of the deceased , and hoped that god bestows on the injured a speedy recovery .
aramco repeated its confirmation , uh , production and shipping business has not been affected by the accident , and that it immediately formed a technical committee to investigate the cause of the accident .
it is worth mentioning that the fire and operation team saudi aramco has successfully controlled the fire within an hour of its occurrence , where the accident occurred last thursday morning 5 rajab 1428 e " , 19 july 2007 . at about nine o'clock in the morning . the half and was brought under control in the a.m. and am .
considers the imposition of which took place in the accident area for storage and export of ships will be mobilized by oil and is located inside the water , which was subject to the maintenance work for more than a month .
fatah thwarts hamas attempt to hold legislative amid an exchange of the constitution exceeded israel kills 4 palestinians .
prevented the fatah parliamentary bloc province to the call by the president of the palestinian legislative council ahmad bahr , acting , without holding a meeting , was supposed to witness a vote of confidence in the government of prime minister designate salam fayyad , in response to a letter sent by fayyad to give his government a vote of confidence .
the conflict between hamas and fatah movements , the scene of the inability of the constitutional institutions , as the fatah movement renewed the call of the sea is illegal , while demanded sea assigned a persona non salam fayyad to form a new government .
azzam al-ahmad , head of the fatah bloc , said that the invitation sent by sea to the legislative session contrary to a decree of the president of the opening of the new session of the council , indicating that hamas that begins with the election of the chairman of the council and the presidential office first , based on the basic law and the rules of procedure of the council .
meanwhile , palestinian medical sources reported yesterday that 4 militants were killed in two israeli attacks in gaza , one of them targeted a group belonging to saraya al-quds - the military wing of the islamic jihad movement in beit hanoun in northern gaza strip .
the road boycotted a friend ... indian robin hood killed the poor after 32 years of prosecution .
finally , indian robin hood fell , after 32 years of prosecution .
indian police , said that the bandit was defending the forest against the logging operations in the form of illegal , who was famous for amid many indians بروبن local hood , was killed by bullets yesterday ( sunday ) in northern india .
shiv kumar patel , 56 years , also known as dad was killed along with ten other members of his gang in uttar pradesh .
kumar dossier abounds with more than 200 criminal cases , including murder , extortion , kidnapping , according to reuters reported yesterday .
many local farmers praised kumar , because it is like robin hood .
he was often rob the rich to feed the poor , especially from the sons of the كورمي of the world to which he belongs .
kumar was roaming the jungles of uttar pradesh and madhya pradesh neighboring state for decades .
the authorities have put a sum of 500 thousand rupees ( 12 thousand and 300 dollars ) for help in arresting him .
the villagers , according to a report of the international herald tribune , said that kumar gained his protection from their love and appreciation , as it was shared with them what is happening to him from his robbery on the rich .
more than that , the villagers to vote for candidates who support them kumar , and refers to the villagers in their election .
accordingly , the party was keen to win his hostility .
ramesh sharma , who is the director of the charity organization in the area of شيتراكوت , said that kumar has chosen to support the wrong party , so hastily that by the end of the end of his childhood killer gang .
sarkozy : if he did not give the arab nuclear energy will be the risk of a conflict of civilizations defended his agreement with libya ... and germany attacked him , considering that it harms its interests .
at dawn the nuclear cooperation protocol which was signed by french president nicolas sarkozy , during his visit to tripoli , the night before the last debate , at the same time , bulgaria rejected libyan protests over its amnesty for the nurses and the palestinian doctor who handed them tripoli recently .
defending the environment organization greenpeace branch in france , said that the agreement of the french libyan poses a huge problem for the hand of nuclear proliferation , and falls within the french policy is based on irresponsible export of nuclear technology .
but president sarkozy defended the agreement and said the west that confidence in the arab countries to develop such kind of technology for peaceful purposes and only risked a war between civilizations .
sarkozy told reporters in libya , that the arab world is not considered an official with sufficient to regarding the use of civilian nuclear energy that over the long run the risk of the outbreak of a war between civilizations .
he said nuclear energy is energy future ... if we do not give the southern mediterranean countries capacity in the future , then how will develop themselves ... and if they did not develop , how will we fight terrorism and fanaticism .
a senior official in the german foreign ministry has attacked yesterday the agreement between france and libya and said it would raise the political problems and could harm the interests of germany .
the state minister gernot erler said on friday the number of the handelsblatt newspaper , according to an excerpt distributed in advance politically ... this controversial problems ) .
unhcr condemns turkey dimensions 135 iraqis asked for urgent clarification from ankara .
geneva - a . afp : high commissioner for refugees belonging to the united nations , expressed its regret for expelling 135 iraqis and return them to their country , turkey warned that this measure is a violation of international law .
in a statement released in geneva the day before yesterday , the commission expressed its deep concern , because it has received information to the effect that the turkish authorities expelled 135 iraqis to their country at the beginning of this week .
the commission requested an urgent clarification from the turkish government .
this agency said : in view of the current situation in iraq , unhcr is very concerned for the safety of these persons , indicating that it does not have any information about their whereabouts .
the statement said that these people the _135 were arrested near izmir in western turkey at the beginning of this month , and were in a group of 500 people , most of them iraqis , palestinians and sri lankans and afghans , who were preparing to leave turkey secretly .
the commission said that some of these persons filed applications for asylum in turkey .
she said if this is confirmed , the operations to remove them will be without any ambiguity , in violation of the principle of preventing dimensions , which stipulates that he cannot back any refugees or asylum to the country could be in his life or freedom is threatened .
the commission said that the package was prohibited under the convention relating to the status of refugees , signed in 1951 .
the commission called on member states to not expel iraqis coming from central and southern iraq by force , and to consider them as refugees in a way , due to the large size of the human rights violations committed in the region .
taliban set a deadline and threatened to start killing the koreans at noon today , a spokesman for karzai criticizes the hostages .
kabul - reuters : a spokesman for the taliban movement said yesterday that the movement 's leaders at 0730 gmt on monday , the deadline set recently for korean hostages , said that the movement will start killing the hostages unless the release of prisoners by then .
a spokesman for the taliban , qari mohammad yusuf said that the taliban leadership council , headed by the movement 's leader mullah mohammad omar set this deadline which increases the value of the threat .
the kidnappers killed the leader of the korean group on wednesday , but many time deadlines set by the taliban passed without the rebels carried out their threat to kill the rest of the hostages .
yousef told reuters by telephone from an unknown location for talks between us and kabul and the korean government have reached an impasse and did not envisage the truth ... we would start to kill the hostages unless they start to release our prisoners by twelve o'clock tomorrow .
separate talks between the afghan government and south korean diplomats on the one hand and between taliban insurgents on the other hand , reached an impasse in every time due to the taliban demand for the kabul government to exchange prisoners with korean hostages .
after being exposed to severe criticisms for the release of five taliban prisoners in exchange for the release of an italian hostage in march , afghan president hamid karzai earlier ruled out reaching any agreement with the taliban .
in the first comment on the issue of the recent hostage karzai condemned the kidnapping and did not talk about the possibility of signing any deal .
a spokesman quoted him as saying hostage-taking and abuse of foreign guests , especially women acts contrary to islamic and afghan culture and committing these heinous acts on our land represents a complete contempt of our islamic and afghan values .
an afghan minister said on saturday that force might be used if talks fail .
as الفاتكيان the kidnapping operation as a flagrant violation of human dignity is contrary to all primary standards of respect and rights and insults strongly divine law .
among the remaining 18 women hostages .
youssef said that some hostages in small groups in different places patients .
the jirga religion by ethan ghazni governor said that medicines the korean government wanted to send it to the hostages could not be delivered on saturday because the afghan team has not been able to contact with the taliban .
he added that the government does not want to use force to rescue the hostages .
he told reuters we do not have a plan for the attack .
we are trying to send the delegation for more talks .
in addition to afghan forces , foreign troops are also stationed in ghazni .
baek jong chun , the special envoy of south korea met yesterday with karzai to discuss ways to end the hostage crisis .
the taliban are still holding also germany and four of his afghan colleagues who were kidnapped from a nearby region a day before the kidnapping of the koreans .
found another german kidnapped with them later murdered and his body effects shots .
the south koreans are the largest group of foreigners who were kidnapped by the taliban since the forces led by the united states and the afghan forces ousted from power in 2001 .
the kidnapping comes amid increasing violence during the past eighteen months and is the most bloodiest periods since the overthrow of the taliban .
egypt : abort the arab group jihad movement after 3 weeks of intensive security measures in subway stations .
after 3 weeks of tight security measures in subway stations , egypt announced yesterday that the abortion of what it called " the move an organizational group embrace salafi ideology , and nationalities of arab countries , without mentioning the names of any of the members of the organization or their countries .
the information department of the egyptian interior ministry refused to give more details .
the egyptian official middle east news agency quoted what it called an official security source in the interior ministry as saying that the security services managed recently to abort move regulatory group embraces the salafi ideology based on the formation of elements of arab nationalities , and that the security services have succeeded in their monitoring and controlling these elements who are coming to the country and continued their stay in egypt in an illegal manner for a period ( of time ) .
the spokesman went on saying that the exact process coincided with control elements of the banned muslim brotherhood group numbered 18 people in the green region northeast of cairo , and that all the suspects were referred to the supreme state security prosecution , where they started the investigation with them and ordered their imprisonment , confirming that it was not found an organizational link to these movements , so far .
egypt has witnessed in the past three weeks , tight security measures on the subway stations in anticipation of its targeting of terrorist elements , and it was noted that such measures , which included checking all luggage to subway stations , retreated in the last two days .
leaders of the pakistani opposition call on musharraf to resign .
london 9-7-2007 ( afp ) - the conference of the leaders of the pakistani opposition ended its work on sunday in london with calls for the resignation of pakistani president pervez musharraf and the return of former prime ministers benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif to the country .
in a joint declaration issued at the end of the conference , which lasted throughout the weekend , the all parties conference considered that the military regime of president musharraf " led pakistan to the brink of the abyss and led to انشاقاقات and chaos and threatens to divide " the country .
participated in the conference , headed by nawaz sharif , the opposition leaders imran khan and fadel rahman and qazi hussain ahmad , maulana amin fahim , deputy head of the pakistani people 's party .
chairperson of the pakistan people 's party benazir bhutto , despite an invitation to attend .
in total , the conference was attended by representatives of 38 parties , all with the exception of the pakistani people 's party delegates agreed to the resignation of their mps if musharraf continued in his project to carry the current parliament on his re-election before the elections expected at the end of this year or at the beginning of the year 2008 , he told agence france presse nadir chaudhry , the spokesman for nawaz sharif .
the pakistani people 's party decided to keep his decision .
since sacked in the ninth of march judge iftikhar muhammad chaudhry , president musharraf is facing the most serious political crisis since he came to power as a result of a coup in october 1999 .
the conference called on all parties to the resignation of president musharraf and holding general elections organized by a neutral and transitional government .
he also called for allowing the return of former prime minister in exile benazir bhutto and nawaz sharif , who ruled pakistan before musharraf .
also called the declaration consists of 16 items to go back on the decision to dismiss the judge chaudhry and his return to practice his duties and the complete freedom of the media and freedom of expression .
al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb refuses reconciliation between algeria and france .
dubai 11-7-2007 ( afp ) - the leader of " al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb countries " on tuesday criticized efforts to develop relations between algeria and france and called on france to " recognize all its crimes committed against muslims in algeria " .
the emir of the organization abu musab abdel wadoud condemned in a statement published today on the internet in particular efforts , according to him , to the signing of the treaty of friendship between france and its former colony algeria .
according to the statement , which coincided with the visit of french president nicolas sarkozy on tuesday for algeria " remains between france and muslims separating wall of skulls and body parts and the neahquarters sea of tears and blood , adding that " the true islamic religion rejects the term friendship with infidels " , according to him .
france colonized algeria in 1830 and continued its colonization even algeria 's independence in 1962 after a liberation war in which more than one million martyrs fell .
abdel - wadoud said in his statement " that the history of france in algeria since 1830 until today , all the crimes and injustices and hegemony and tyranny and genocide , killings and denied and displacement and hardly find the browser for this history over the centuries full to be justification for the establishment of relations and if superficial with france , as well as to find what justifies friendship with it " .
sarkozy said he would return false algeria in november in a state visit is being prepared by the two countries and result in " tangible results " .
the signing of the treaty of friendship between the two countries collided with an algerian demand france 's refusal to recognize the " crimes " of colonialism .
the french president has repeatedly reiterated that he refuses his country 's expression of remorse about the colonial past and that carries children ancestral practices .
abdul wadood demanded france in particular to " recognize all its crimes committed against the muslims in algeria and recognition as is the first steps of reconciliation " , referring to the recognition of " germany did to the jews .
what prevents france that recognizes as germany ? " he admitted .
he concluded his statement by tone not free of threat , he said , " if sarkozy persisted in his old misguided and continued in his insistence that the children could not apologize for what they have done , the children , it is expected that no children in algeria silent about what he did with parents " .
he also called on france to stop interfering in the affairs of algeria and to withdraw its forces from afghanistan and lebanon .
al-maliki : iraqi forces capable of taking over the security file in any moment .
baghdad 14-7-2007 ( afp ) - iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki announced on saturday that his government is able to assume responsibility in the " case of reduction or a sudden withdrawal of international troops " from the country .
al-maliki told reporters that " the stage that went and we began with the security responsibility and that our troops are now in the stage of fighting and confrontation of terrorism in support of the international forces gave our systems more confidence and capacity and expertise to manage tasks operations " .
he added that " this declares an advanced stage to receive full security missions " .
" we say with full confidence that we are able to assume full responsibility in managing the security dossier in any time it wants the international forces to withdraw " .
at the same time , he stressed that " the iraqi forces need more training and armament and that the government is serious about increasing the number of troops , trained and equipped to be able to assume tasks while decides the international forces reduction or withdrawal at any moment " .
the us house of representatives approved on thursday a law demanding the withdrawal of us combat forces from iraq no later than the first of april 2008 , defying time new president george bush , who opposes setting any date .
earlier , president bush used his right to veto against a similar bill proposes to set a timetable for the withdrawal of about 160 thousand us soldiers are deployed in the present time in iraq .
iraqi and us forces launch an attack on the strongholds of al-qaeda in the south of baghdad .
baghdad 16-7-2007 ( afp ) - the spokesman for the us army announced on monday that thousands of iraqi and us soldiers launched a large-scale attack on al-qaeda strongholds south of baghdad in an attempt to prevent the flow of weapons to the capital .
an army statement said that " the american forces launched an operation against the rebels in the areas surrounding jarf al-sakhr which lies east of al anbar governorate , north of babil governorate " .
the jarf al-sakhr region located about 60 km south of baghdad , is considered one of the most important al-qaeda strongholds and fall within the so-called " triangle of death .
he said major alayne conway , a spokesman for the us army said that " the operation , which involved in iraqi soldiers alongside the us army seeks to purge the euphrates " valley .
he added that " the operation targeted hideouts of the enemy inside and around the area south of baghdad " .
major general rick lynch , commander of the us army forces in the southern cities of baghdad and babylon and najaf and karbala governorate ( south ) , said on sunday that " a series of plans to carry out its operations in the region " .
he explained that the operation was aimed at " stopping the flow of weapons to baghdad " .
also lynch claimed that " large quantities of arms entered baghdad and other central regions coming from iran " .
he referred to the " recent reinforcements arrive within president george w. bush 's strategy to increase the number of troops around the capital contributed to carry out these operations " .
the us military commander said , " if we did n't have these units to what we were able to fight the enemies " .
sarkozy may visit libya " soon " ( presidency )
paris 18-7-2007 ( afp ) - the spokesman for the french presidency said on wednesday that president nicolas sarkozy may travel " soon " to libya at the invitation of libyan leader colonel muammar gaddafi if that was to contribute to " the settlement of " the issue of the bulgarian nurses .
presidential spokesman david martinon confirmed that the french president and the libyan leader held a telephone conversation on tuesday evening and that the latter called on sarkozy to visit libya .
the official libyan news agency reported that sarkozy announced on tuesday evening that he intends to visit libya " in the coming days , " in the beginning of an african tour .
the spokesman said " of course before the invitation president would meet them soon , " adding that sarkozy would travel to libya " if it returned with interest in settling the issue of libyan children infected with aids and the bulgarian medical team " .
this declaration comes after the libyan court decided to commute the death sentences to life imprisonment against the nurses and a bulgarian doctor who accused since eight years for transferring aids virus intentionally to 438 libyan children in the city of benghazi , 56 of them died .
this opens the way for handing over members of the medical team to sofia , where they will carry out their sentences under a bilateral agreement signed in 1984 .
last thursday , the french president 's wife cecilia sarkozy went to libya where nurses and visited the families of children infected with aids .
he also met the libyan leader within the framework of this sudden unofficial visit .
the arrest of a person suspected of having links with a plot to kill berezovsky .
london 18-7-2007 ( afp ) - scotland yard police on wednesday announced the arrest of a man suspected of being linked to a plot to assassinate the russian businessman boris berezovsky .
police said in a statement that this man was arrested in june 21 in central london and delivered after two days to immigration .
agence france presse asked the police refused to identify the nationality of the suspect .
this announcement came after hours of accusing berezovsky , during a press conference in london , russian president vladimir putin that he personally ordered to prepare a conspiracy to assassinate him .
the sun newspaper " revealed on wednesday that a man russia was preparing to assassinate berezovsky in a hotel in london , but the british intelligence ( or any 5 mother , i.e . 6 ) foiled his plan at the last moment .
berezovsky said in his press conference that " putin personally behind this plot , i was not surprised at all that they tried to death " .
he clarified that scotland yard informed him of this conspiracy , left britain in june 16 . then returned after about ten days after receiving the green light from the police .
he told the british broadcasting corporation ( bbc in the morning ) that a source in russia informed him about the assassination .
the killer was later recognized as a move for personal reasons , " and in this case will be governed by twenty years imprisonment is only ten years , and then released him and receiving money and his family " .
berezovsky political asylum in britain since 2003 after he fled from russia after vladimir putin assumed power .
moscow has repeatedly demanded his extradition to no avail , although it accuses him of calling for a coup .
london considers declaring russia to expel british diplomats " unjustified "
london 19-7-2007 ( afp ) - british foreign minister david miliband said on thursday that russia 's declaration to expel british diplomats " absolutely unjustified " , expressing " his disappointment " about this decision .
" we believe that the decision to expel four staff from the embassy is not justification whatsoever " .
britain announced on monday that it would expel four russian diplomats in response to moscow 's refusal to hand over former russian intelligence agent andrei lugovoi , the main suspect in the murder of former russian agent alexander يتفيننكو , who died in london in november 2006 after being poisoned with a highly radioactive substance polonium .
moscow responded on thursday with a series of measures , including the expulsion of four british diplomats and suspending cooperation in the fight against terrorism .
a spokesman for the russian foreign ministry mikhail kamynin said that russia will stop temporarily for granting entry visas to " officials of " the british and russian officials sent to britain .
miliband said " we are currently studying these actions closely wrapped up with all its details " , expressing " disappointment with ( his country ) to the russian government did not show cooperation " with the request to hand over lugovoi .
" take solace in issuing positive statements in the last 36 hours from the international community and the european countries and the european union as a whole and the united states on the need to preserve the integrity of the british judicial system " .
" we will pursue this issue with the international community in the coming days and weeks " .
a new telephone conversation between sarkozy and gaddafi .
paris 19-7-2007 ( afp ) - french president nicolas sarkozy and libyan leader colonel muammar gaddafi on thursday referred to the draft sarkozy 's visit to libya , during a new telephone conversation , according to the spokesman for the elysee david martinon .
martinon said " we have discussed , in the context of the release hoped the nurses and doctor bulgarians and a final settlement of the painful problem of libyan children infected with aids , to the president of the republic 's visit to libya " .
the spokesman confirmed earlier reiterated that sarkozy will visit libya " soon in case this is useful to solve the issue of " the nurses and the doctor were bulgarians .
but he declined to give any date for the visit , while foreign minister bernard kouchner announced that the expected visit on wednesday , but he did not rule out the possibility of amending the date again .
libyan court decided to commute the death sentences against the five nurses and the bulgarian doctor to life imprisonment after being convicted of transferring aids virus to libyan children .
negotiations continue to hand them over to bulgaria .
on its part , the european commissioner for external relations benita ferrero-waldner said thursday in paris that the release of the bulgarian medical crew is not indisputable yet .
" i did not get this matter yet . therefore , the really should work ( in this direction ) and we work together " .
and expressed " hope " that their release would be a matter of days .
" but i cannot say that it is also " prepared .
sarkozy also held a telephone conversation with bulgarian president georgy parvanov in the initiative of this last happened during the " exchange of information on the latest developments in the file " , as david martinon added .
the start of legislative and municipal elections in cameroon .
yaounde , 22-7-2007 ( afp ) - polling stations opened their doors since 00 , 8 ( 00 , 7 gmt ) sunday in cameroon in the framework of legislative and municipal elections , according to an afp correspondent in the cameroonian capital .
in the polling stations in yaound , electoral equipment was available before the official opening hours , centers opened their doors from 00 , 8 .
the head of the polling station in secondary تسينغا central yaounde said " everything is ready and not only lack voters " , commenting on the light turnout , who scored in the first hours of the electoral process .
in douala ( southwest ) of the economic capital of cameroon , most offices opened after a slight delay due to the late arrival of election equipment , but the electoral process began with a natural way in later , eyewitnesses told afp .
in 2002 , the legislative and municipal elections were postponed for a full week in the last moment due to major problems in the organization .
about 5 million cameroonian voters out of a total of 16 million people were called to elect 180 deputies and 359 members of the municipal council in this country located in central africa , which is headed by paul biya since 1982 .
it is expected that " gulbuddin hekmatyar rally of the cameroonian people , " led by the president of the country ( 149 seats ) to maintain its control over the parliament .
the election of 24 kurdish deputies in the turkish parliament ( tv )
ankara 22-7-2007 ( afp ) - elected 24 kurds calling for a peaceful settlement of the conflict the kurdish deputies in the turkish parliament during the legislative elections that took place on sunday , after they were excluded from parliamentary life for 13 years , according to the unofficial results reported by tv channels .
channels " cnn turk " and " ntv reported that 24 kurds elected representatives in the provinces of eastern anatolia and south east after candidates as " independents . "
the democratic society party ( presented the pro - kurds ) , who enjoys strong support in this region sixty candidates for the elections .
it will be able to house winners from the formation of the bloc in the next parliament .
ahmed said turk , a kurdish politician resigned from his party to run in the elections , " will be our mission to contribute to peace and democracy " .
he added in a televised statement , " we call for a new vision " for the kurdish problem .
candidates in their campaign focused on the theme of reconciliation between turks and kurds .
ankara , especially to abandon the military option against the pkk separatists and granting the kurdish minority demanded more rights .
kurdish mps have lost their immunity in 1994 after accusing them of an alliance with the pkk .
and some of them prison while others denied .
canada declares resuming its direct aid to the palestinian government .
ottawa 23-7-2007 ( afp ) - canada announced on monday to resume its direct aid to the palestinian government after it was suspended in 2006 after the formation of the hamas movement , the palestinian government after its victory in the legislative elections .
canadian foreign minister peter mackay said in a statement " in view of the new palestinian government pledged to renounce violence , recognize israel and abide by the agreements signed in the past , as there are opportunities for activating the peace process , canada will provide aid to the new palestinian government " .
the minister added that ottawa " is satisfied with a sense of responsibility , which showed him ( palestinian president mahmoud ) abbas and prime minister ( salam ) fayyad to form a government of canada and the international community can cooperate with it " .
canada was the first country declared suspension of its direct aid to the palestinian government in 2006 after hamas won in the legislative elections .
ottawa announced on monday to pay a sum of eight million canadian dollars ( 6 , 7 million us dollars ) as direct assistance to the new government according to the temporary international mechanism approved by the quartet committee .
the ministry of foreign affairs said that the canadian assistance will focus on the priorities set by fayyad , " especially with regard to security and economic , social and economic development " .
after the head of the palestinian authority accused hamas of carrying out a " " military coup in gaza , announced on june 13 a state of emergency in the palestinian territories and sacked the national unity government and form an emergency government led by salam fayyad .
the canadian authorities also expressed its concern over the humanitarian situation of the palestinians , especially in gaza and make a contribution to the level of one million dollars to the international committee of the red cross said .
the ministry said " during the last financial year , canada has provided humanitarian aid to the palestinians , including the refugees , worth over 30 million dollars " .
ottawa is studying the possibility of forming partnerships with the european union on training the police forces .
the ottawa declaration comes to resume financial aid to the palestinian government after days of jordanian king abdullah ii 's visit to canada .
the canadian media expects to announce to this occasion to resume aid to the palestinians .
israel allowed the transfer of weapons to the palestinian authority ( , haaretz )
jerusalem 26-7-2007 ( afp ) - israeli deputy defense minister matan vilnai said thursday that israel recently allowed to transfer weapons coming from jordan to the palestinian authority .
vilnai told israel 's private channel -10 , " allowed the transfer of weapons , although we are not sure that it will eventually reach into the hands of hamas , but we want to avoid this last control on the west bank " .
" we hope to be able to forces loyal to abu mazen to deal with hamas , but we are also confident that and that we do everything in our power " .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said on wednesday to the process of transferring weapons speaking about " different signs more secret " to israel within the framework of measures taken by his government to support the position of president mahmoud abbas .
the haaretz newspaper reported thursday that israel recently allowed the transfer of more than one thousand machine guns " or -16 " from jordan to the palestinian authority .
the newspaper said that the largest amount of weapons was transferred to the palestinian security services to israel 's approval .
haaretz said that thousands of machine guns since the beginning of the current year from egypt and jordan to fatah forces quoted by israeli approval .
but the biggest part of these weapons took place at the hands of hamas in the gaza strip .
general petraeus : british do not think of withdrawal from iraq .
washington 30-7-2007 ( afp ) - general david petraeus , the commander of the us forces in iraq said on monday that he " does not believe " that the british are currently preparing to withdraw their troops from iraq , in an interview with the american television network " . abc news .
at a time when the british prime minister gordon brown will hold talks with us president george bush in camp david ( , maryland , east ) , press reports indicated a plan for the withdrawal of the 5500 british soldiers from iraq , but a spokesman for brown denied these reports .
general petraeus said from baghdad , " i do not believe that there is a plan .
there is a plan for a gradual withdrawal .
in fact , in recent months started to transfer some facilities to the iraqi security forces in basra ( south ) and intend to continue to do so in the coming months " .
on the other hand , confirmed that the american forces will remain in iraq until the summer of 2009 to allow a lasting security in the country .
and without referring to a specific date for the withdrawal of the 160 thousand american soldiers in iraq , general petraeus said that the matter " will take this time around , " but the most important thing is to know " the number of soldiers needed " .
in response to a question on arms contracts that are not worth less than 20 billion dollars with saudi arabia and five other countries in the gulf and the possibility of the presence of saudi fighters in iraq , the us general said , " in fact , i am not sure that they come from saudi arabia " .
" we did n't know that they were saudis and citizens from north africa and from the region come through syria " .
cheney : us reinforcements in iraq gave the results .
washington 1-8-2007 ( afp ) - us vice president dick cheney said on tuesday that the strategy on sending reinforcements to iraq have improved security in the country .
in response to a question by a us television station " cnn , cheney also defended the choice of iraqi deputies to go to the holiday for a month and said " this option is better than two months according to what they were planning to start , " with the approval of the united states is " eager to see them carry out their mission perfectly .
last month , said a preliminary report to the white house on the impact of the new strategy that the progress achieved by the iraqi parliament is not enough about necessary reforms , especially the adoption of a law sharing oil revenues , which increase the tension .
but the us vice president said that the report to be submitted in september on the impact of the new strategy will reveal " to achieve important progress " on the road to the objectives set by the united states .
as for the report , the commander of the us forces in iraq , general david petraeus , and us ambassador ryan كروركر , cheney said " i think it will show that we have achieved important progress " .
he clarified that " the information i get from people i respect indicate that the petraeus plan is in fact on the way to achieve results " .
and after he reiterated that the decision to invade iraq in march 2003 was correct , cheney concluded by saying " we ( personally and president george bush ) will end our mandate before 20 january 2009 and i think it is going to be that we could get a terrific head due to the fact that we have our work everything that is good for our country " .
7 of the security forces were killed in a terrorist attack in algeria .
al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb countries 7 from the security forces and national gendarmerie in algeria were killed in a terrorist attack on two cars to the security forces in tizi ouzou province during a wide combing operation against al-qaeda strongholds in many algerian cities east mandates .
al qaeda network offered a videotape last night , the first containing the proceedings of the clashes with the algerian security forces in one of the mountains of tizi ouzou to a terrorist bombing operation , which claimed the lives of seven soldiers and burning cars the security forces during the terrorist bombing through a bomb planted on the main road during the passage of convoys of the security forces were intermittently .
has appeared in the tape a number of terrorist groups affiliated to al qaeda elements and they were chasing some security forces soldiers who escaped from the car at the moment of the explosion , in addition to shots of mutual clashes between the two sides .
on his part , abu musab al-wadoud emir of al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb countries in the same tape threatened to carry out a series of attacks and terrorist acts against the interests and algerian institutions in many algerian regions , indicating that this comes within the framework of al-qaeda approach to expand its operations during the coming stage .
the emir of al-qaeda in maghreb countries also threatened to target several american and european interests in the arab maghreb region and address through acts of violence and terrorism to u.s. attempts to establish a headquarters of us military staff , known as africom in the arab maghreb region and the african coast .
al-wadoud called abu musab al qaeda emir algerian youth to refuse to join the security forces and the army in the coming stage on the pretext of not being harmed during the al-qaeda operations against the security forces .
british foreign minister : the united states is still the first ally of britain .
london - news agencies :
british foreign minister david miliband , in an article published by the newspaper news of the world people yesterday emphasized the strength of his country 's relations with the united states , denying what was said about a simple shift in relations between london and washington since he took the prime minister gordon brown his position , and miliband said that america is still the first ally of britain .
miliband wrote that with a new brown government , some people are trying to find evidence about the disintegration of our alliance with the united states .
he added that this disintegration does not exist and will not exist , and that nothing will change .
he went on to say that our relationship with the united states is the strongest , compared with our other bilateral relations , we are stronger together than if we were separate , and the values that we share it gives us a real force .
miliband , on the other hand , talked about participating in sacrifice on the level of other efforts , such as climate change and poverty in africa , terrorism , and the challenges cannot be met without the united states , according to his expression .
trade and the new international development secretary douglas alexander has confirmed in washington last thursday benefits policy based on multilateralism , interpreted as a simple shift in british foreign policy .
meanwhile , a poll published the results of the british newspaper the daily telegraph , revealed that the labor party - and just two weeks after gordon brown took over the leadership of the progress on the opposition conservative party , and the poll showed that 40 percent of britons support the labor party in return for 33 % for the conservatives .
every day by : m - percy give - a - l - e .
if the al-qaeda network , which adopts the most terrorist operations in the world to fight israel , and speaks with the media for al qaeda literature . so why did n't al qaeda carried out any terrorist operation against israel ?
a question may seem strange , but in my opinion , correct and logical question , because if al-qaeda to justify his terrorist operations in the arab and islamic countries on the pretext of these regulations dealing with israel and its acceptance on the road to peace with the jewish state ... why for اتختصر road and al qaeda to strike israel as being the opponent and the enemy ?
while some of those who raise this question is seeking to give the impression that this represents a proof on israel 's involvement in these operations , but no one could not provide proof firmly to do so , and thus remain such suggestions just doubts and misgivings does not live up to the extent of accusing israel directly and that these were suggestions in its content does not rule out that ' al-qaeda ' agents from sub - knowledge or without the knowledge !
the truth is that scrutinizes the content of leading israeli newspapers articles and investigations clearly feel that israeli sources closely related to the ruling circles in israel with all decisiveness and confidence that israel did not fall within the circle of targeting al-qaeda ' ... and i say this is a matter raises many questions about the source of confidence when the israelis in not targeting al qaeda for them !
if these israeli sources have tried to cover it by saying that al-qaeda network aimed at the christian world it say malignant does not target a mere suspicion away from israel , but aims to drive a wedge between islam and christianity under the umbrella of the wrong lie propagated by the western media circles closely related to israel , depicting the al-qaeda network that he is one of the main headlines of the arab and islamic world !
the truth does not accept any doubt is that the violence practiced by israel and injustice which lies on the shoulders of the palestinians as a result of its aggressive policies represents the best environment to facilitate al-qaeda an opportunity to operate freely and the ability to recruit new generations of extremists under the weight of the sense of injustice !
on the other hand , the terrorist operations carried out by al-qaeda offered to israel great service in the direction of linking resistance with terrorism on the one hand and justify all forms of aggression and the excessive use of force by claiming self-defense right on the other hand !
frankly and without afp or rotation , so that those who disrupt the holding of an international conference to combat terrorism are not far from everything that raises questions and hesitate to whisper and publicly from misgivings and doubts do not have conclusive evidence so far , but it may become tomorrow , and in the light of the situation and new international balances do not allow double standards as extensive petitions filled with all evidence of indictment which awaits judges just put an end to this ugly phenomenon that calls terrorism !
attalla@ahram.org .
possibilities
attalla@ahram.org .
possibilities
close by : salama ahmed salama .
when the state lie .
no calm storm that erupted about selling the bank of cairo , even after the governor of the central bank admitted that the bank had reached a dangerous stage cannot be tolerated , which led to the failure of his performance , and is no longer able to bear additional central bank bill to remedy its problems .
moreover , the state budget " , which already suffers from a severe deficit - was not able to provide 20 billion pounds for repaying its debts and compensate the deficit in allocations .
therefore , the government offered 80 % of cairo bank for sale to an anchor investor , after it was found to be " late to the idea of a merger or acquisition was not representing a panacea .
this simply is the image that reached the vast segment of the public opinion from other specialists in economics from me , after a huge debate on this issue between those who understand and does not understand , and between the defenders of the government of right and wrong or critics of the basis of political and economic arguments valid , in the forefront of which is that selling egyptian banks to foreign investor represents a threat to the national economy , and leaves a wide scope for foreign control in financing development projects .
whatever the health arguments each team or its mistake , the government is likely to be implemented in her brain , and will proceed in the procedures for selling the bank because they are more committed to a plan designed to what it calls the banking sector reform , based on agreements with international bodies , not available to the public to inform on its details deposited in the inclusion of the policies committee , more than its commitment to the rules of transparency that talking about it ! !
however , the real problem in my opinion " is not in the imperatives which led to sell bank of cairo , but in culture rampant in government administration , which is to hide the facts and conceal the negatives and burying our heads in the sand . even explode at one time . it appeared that the problem of faltering bank cairo is not built today but back to six years ago , and did not care for the successive governments to disclose them and deal with them . which raises the question about the political and legal responsibility for a number of ministers and former ministers , who were in their era opened bank in front of a number of businessmen , scooping of loans without guarantees , to escape abroad .
this is probably one of the most important reasons for the failure of cairo bank .
does not recognize the political regime in egypt to the principle of accountability of political officials .
there is no punishment for their crimes neglect and nepotism and misuse of public money .
and what happened in the banking sector in order to get banks of major egyptian banks on the brink of bankruptcy , repeated in a way or another in other sectors .
like the sudden shortage in water and the collapse of rail and maritime and other transport facility .
as a result of the deportation of all problems and conceal it .
and not the responsibility of the deteriorating situation of the state apparatus to staff who are lying with the knowledge of their heads .
because the whole country lying and falsifying figures and data . but it is due to the absence of accountability and transparency at all levels , despite the multiplicity of control and accounting systems .
salama@ahram.org .
possibilities
salama@ahram.org .
possibilities
diplomatic sources : egypt holds intensive contacts with the international quartet to revive the peace process .
mahmoud al-nobi wrote :
egypt intensifies its necessary contacts with the international quartet and all international parties in order to deal with the current palestinian situation in the light of developments and the successive events , which included the foreign ministers of egypt and jordan to visit israel last wednesday contacted the arab peace initiative , as well as the convening of the ministerial meeting of the arab league , as well as the us secretary of state 's visit to egypt at the end of this month .
a diplomatic source stressed the continuation of egypt 's top priority should be given to the palestinian humanitarian crisis , as a matter of urgency to hear delay with continuing work to push towards improving ways of palestinian life and improve the economic situation .
javier solana , the high representative for foreign affairs of the european union held a phone call with aboul gheit consultations during which over the most important results of his visit to israel and his jordanian counterpart within the framework of gathering support for the arab peace initiative , as a diplomatic source said that the foreign minister with the minister for foreign affairs of jordan to prepare a report to inform the arab league in the ministerial meeting after tomorrow monday will include the most important conclusion of the visit , according to a meeting of the ministerial committee for the arab initiative issued on april 18 .
aboul gheit told " al-ahram said that he would also be informed the international parties , topped by the international quartet on the most important thing that resulted from the visit and reactions of the israeli side about the initiative .
abul gheit said that there are continuous contacts with the international quartet on the proposals made by us president george bush in his last speech on the palestinian situation , and specifically the proposal for holding an international meeting of the concerned parties , confirming that the egyptian position calls for not only to work towards measures to improve the lives of palestinians and strengthening its institutions , but that parallels also with a serious political negotiations .
the foreign minister stressed that egypt of course to all parties to an opportunity to re-launch the negotiations , and that there is room to contribute to give the momentum needed to move positively with the continuation of israel to continue carrying out effective steps long-term felt by the palestinian citizen .
washington continues to escalate its sanctions on iran .
washington - berlin - news agencies :
the united states yesterday continued to escalate its financial sanctions against iran , through pressure on a number of iranian companies suspected of its support for the iranian nuclear program .
the number of companies asked the u.s. treasury department to freeze the assets of 15 companies put all of them in the black list , claiming that these sanctions would push tehran to abandon its nuclear program .
this comes at a time when the iranian foreign minister manouchehr mottaki ruled out any us military attack on his country , saying that the united states is facing a lot of problems in iraq , which prevents it from being involved in a military conflict with iran .
mottaki , in an interview with the german magazine focus , clarified that washington is not in a position to involvement in a new military conflict , whatever , there are about 170 thousand american soldiers can not guarantee their safety or even keeping security in iraq .
the iranian minister stressed that the sanctions imposed by the united nations on his country , and even if they were tightened , that will not change iran 's nuclear stance .
sameh fahmi : an urgent plan to transform the red port to a major center for exporting oil .
adel ibrahim wrote :
minister of petroleum sameh fahmi inspected some new fields in the western desert area and new production facilities in the region and the red oil port specialist , who is considered one of the most important strategic petroleum sites for shipping and export of crude oil , where is the main gathering point for crude oil produced from the western desert region where some 185 thousand barrels per day and is expected to reach 225 thousand barrels during the coming period .
the minister pointed out that the red port encompasses all the components needed to transform it into a major center for export through advanced work system where the minister demanded to prepare a study for developing the red oil port facilities and pipelines linked to it to increase its current export capacity , which is 600 thousand barrels per month to million barrels per month and increasing the storage capacity of tanks from 800 thousand barrels to one million barrels .
during the inspection visit engineer hamdi , chairman of the development committee reviewed a report on western sahara comprehensive development of production from the western desert area and production position after putting some new fields discovered on the map production , in turn , will lead to increased production of the western sahara region by about 40 thousand barrels a day to total production in the region to about 270 thousand barrels daily in next april .
the visit included losing lines to receive crude oil in the port , which consists of 3 main lines , also inspected facilities delivery and shipment of crude oil through the land lines and storage depots and pumps freight stations .
the minister also inspected the sub - integrated center for combating marine pollution by oil , which includes the latest equipment to face marine pollution and inspect chemical port specialist in quality control laboratory for crude oil and equipped with the latest modern technological devices .
the oil minister also held a meeting open with workers from various oil companies operating in the red and port is badr al-din and jabco and ويبكو and strange and red and oil pipelines and khaleda and south al-dabaa and flags , and the minister listened to their ideas and suggestions to develop performance in order to implement the planned schedules to increase production .
the minister asked workers to exert more effort and work , kamal called for providing all kinds of care for working in the fields in line with the effort that he is doing .
despite the overwhelming defeat of the ruling party , the japanese prime minister refuses to resign and decides to hold a cabinet reshuffle .
tokyo - news agencies :
japanese prime minister shinzo abe said yesterday that he will remain in his position , despite the overwhelming defeat of the ruling liberal democratic party led by in the senate elections the day before yesterday , he said that he must look at these results very seriously , and vowed to go ahead with reforms to build the nation and promote economic growth .
it 's worth mentioning , that he will not be overthrown by a coalition abe from power due to defeat in the senate elections , because it maintains a large majority in the house of representatives the stronger , who is elected prime minister , but abe said he would hold a cabinet reshuffle in his government , in an attempt to regain the confidence of voters .
he added that the people demanding a comprehensive change , in addition to changes in leadership positions in the party and abe faces pressure to resign from within his liberal democratic party , which has ruled japan for most of the last fifty years .
the japanese newspaper yomiuri quoted former defense minister سيجيرو ishiba as saying that abe should resign , and if he does not do so , then we will end the party soon .
but analysts said that the absence of a suitable successor to abe at the present time in the party may help him to continue in power for some time .
according to the newspaper ماينيتش shimbun japan should abe dissolve the house of representatives quickly , under the rule of the people , but abe ruled out any solution to the house of representatives , or holding early legislative elections .
abe refused to resign , but despite the second man in his party resigned because of the harsh defeat of the party .
the liberal democratic party and its coalition partner the new komeito party won 46 seats in the house of councilors election , compared with _60 seats obtained by the democratic party , which is the main opposition party .
the ruling coalition needs 64 seats to maintain a majority in the upper house , where elections were held on half of the seats in the council , which consists of 242 seats .
abe 's party won 37 seats , which is worse than the defeat of 1998 , which forced ryutaro hashimoto to resign from the cabinet .
angry voters deprived abe 's government from the majority due to a series of scandals , and the government committed mistakes in dealing with the problem of pension records .
abe is the youngest japanese prime minister since the end of world war ii , and was held in the previous government , the secretary general of the japanese cabinet .
the lake 5 drunk failed to break into a nightclub , assaulted his bodyguard and smashing cars and tried to hijack a bus .
late at night decided to continue the evening with one of the nightclubs in the lake area in al-ahwaz , north of the capital , then headed towards a nightclub .
in their attempt to enter the guard prevented them , fearing that caused chaos and confusion in the country , especially as they were in a state of extreme sugar .
the cut in the same position and decided to take revenge on their own way ... where were absent for a short period and then returned brandishing sticks tried to guard forbade them from their job , but they ignored his warnings and assailed beaten left for damages .
then deliberately attacked two cars were settled in front of the nightclub فالحقوا grave damages and then tried to take off a bus was parked there and turning its destination but they failed as quick and sudden intervention of the judicial police squad officers in the national security region in the banks of the lake , who succeeded in controlling the situation and arrested three of the deviants while continuing efforts to arrest others who escaped .
chavez provoked washington from tehran and olmert cost lieberman to thwart its nuclear program ...
iran considers elbaradei 's proposal to stop the expansion of enrichment .
tehran yesterday witnessed a diplomatic activity on two fronts , was the first venezuelan president hugo chavez 's visit to iran to discuss bilateral relations and regional and international developments , and the second with the islamic republic declared that it is studying the proposal timeout , which provides for stopping the expansion of its program for uranium enrichment , while waiting to receive the international inspectors between the eleventh and thirteenth of this month .
chavez began talks with his iranian counterpart mahmoud ahmadinejad , in his third visit to iran in the past two years , the last stop on his tour to russia and belarus .
the venezuelan president 's visit comes in response to his rival george w. bush 's european tour , which is seeking to provoke the white house to visit countries in its relations with washington .
during the visit , chavez mocked who supports tehran 's nuclear program , rumors about a venezuelan atomic bomb .
he said : it seems that i will sign an agreement to build an atomic bomb , adding : we do n't need an atomic bomb because we have , a us atomic bomb on behalf of the venezuelan people .
chavez arrived saturday evening in tehran at the head of a delegation that includes the ministers of foreign affairs , energy , economy and industry and communications , is supposed to visit and ahmadinejad today the السلويه for energy production in the gulf to launch a factory بتروكيماوي .
several contracts will be signed during the visit , one of them to build seven thousand houses and petrochemical unit in venezuela .
the spokesman for the iranian foreign ministry , mohammad ali hosseini said that latin america by ahmadinejad in january last visited the region in good prospects for strengthening our relations .
nicaragua president daniel ortega visited tehran in the tenth of last june .
the venezuelan ambassador to iran arturo انيبل غايوغوس ramrez said that the visit whose goal is to develop bilateral cooperation in economic , industrial and political fields .
nuclear , hosseini said that his country is studying the proposal timeout , which provides for stopping the expansion of its program for uranium enrichment in return for suspension of seeking to impose more sanctions on it by the united nations , but he confirmed that stopping enrichment is not on the cards , while a diplomat in vienna said that world powers discussed the idea on iran to end the nuclear crisis .
the director general of the international atomic energy agency mohamed elbaradei put forward this idea .
hosseini said : do not include ( a new proposal , as discussed in the past .
but iran is still studying it , adding that tehran is ready to discuss all the plans and proposals that guarantee their rights in the negotiation process .
he added that iran 's chief nuclear negotiator ali larijani and eu high representative for foreign policy in the european union javier solana discussed the proposal during the talks to discuss the nuclear dispute .
but the chairman of the foreign affairs and national security committee in the parliament , alaa al-din boroujerdi said that the idea of timeout is not an appropriate solution also .
this coincided with the us president george bush 's efforts to get the support of his russian counterpart vladimir putin to impose more sanctions on iran during their talks in the us state of maine .
on the other hand , the haaretz newspaper reported that the israeli prime minister ehud olmert recently appointed minister of strategic affairs avigdor lieberman responsible for aborting the iranian nuclear program file , and that in the wake of the deliberations in which the head of the mossad , meir dagan , head of the israeli nuclear energy commission , gideon frank , national security council chairman ilan mizrahi and shabak chief yuval diskin and senior officials in the foreign and defense ministries and the israeli army , and especially from the military intelligence division .
to strengthen protection against government installations and hotels and embassies ...
and 75 thousand dollars to provide information on terrorists ...
yemen : suicide temple of queen balqis ... arab .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh said yesterday that the initial investigation in the suicide attack that targeted a convoy of spanish tourists in marib province on monday , killing seven of them and two yemeni drivers and injuring others , indicates that the perpetrator of the attack is not yemenis but arab nationality .
he promised to reveal details very soon after the completion of dna testing to suicide .
it was the first official accusations to al qaeda in yemen , that he was behind the attack , pointed to the possibility that the perpetrator of the attack on the temple of queen balqis yemenis , and perhaps one of the fugitives _23 from prison the political security service ( intelligence ) last year after the organization announced the appointment of one of them nasser louhichi ( abu baseer ) , a new leader , and the distribution of recorded voice qasim al-rimi ( abu huraira ) , is among the list of fugitives and those wanted , in which he threatened to launch attacks as b - jihad against the crusaders and their supporters in yemen .
abu huraira denied any negotiation with the yemeni government , and said that he is in charge of abu baseer this declaration of the registrar .
the yemeni president described the attack on tourists in marib as criminal and terrorist cowardly and dirty , threatening all al qaeda elements in the severest punishment .
he said : we will pursue them wherever they are and wherever they move or يختئبون and will take deterrent punishment for their crimes committed against innocent tourists and their yemeni companions and against the nation and its interests and its security and stability .
ali saleh announced a reward of 15 million riyals ( 75 thousand us dollars ) for anyone who provides information leading to the arrest of terrorist elements .
with the arrival of a spanish plane , carrying spanish minister of tourism and the families of the victims to sanaa to transfer the bodies of the spanish victims to their country , the investigation authorities in checking the dna of the suicide in order to determine his identity began .
the attack was carried out by a suicide bomber in a car totota jeep 1982 model .
the yemeni authorities have taken further measures and tight security measures at embassies , hotels and foreign installations in all parts of the country .
yemeni government sources said the suicide attack a painful blow to tourism , after information about european and foreign tourist companies cancelled bookings thousands of tourists were among the tourist visits programs this summer .
she said the yemeni economy will be negatively affected and will lose huge revenues from tourism .
meanwhile , the yemeni parliament directed severe criticisms to the government and accused the security services of carelessness and negligence threats fired by al-qaeda elements recently to launch terrorist attacks and imminent and painful .
the council called , who issued a statement in which it condemned the attack , and acquitted the islamic religion of terrorist elements , deputy prime minister and minister of interior , dr. rashad al-alimi to appear next sunday before the parliament and answer their questions about the impeachment .
thousands of palestinians are still stranded on the border with egypt .
the deposed palestinian government and several factions refused to open the karam abu salem crossing instead of rafah crossing .
palestinian voices , rejecting several thousands of palestinians stranded in egypt to enter the gaza strip through the karm abu salem crossing , or what is called the israeli kerem shalom , located at the confluence of the egyptian - israeli palestinian borders south east of rafah city south of gaza strip .
the national unity government and a number of the resistance factions expressed their absolute refusal to replace the rafah border crossing as a corridor and access to the palestinians through the world at the kerem shalom crossing .
the factions refused it through its military wings fired rounds of mortar shells and rockets at the crossing translated originally allocated to introduce goods to the gaza strip and not to the movement of individuals .
such stances came after it was reported that egyptian - israeli agreement to open the kerem shalom crossing on wednesday for one day in order to introduce about 4 thousand palestinians stranded in egyptian cities such as rafah and arish and cairo .
stranded in these palestinians , including about 600 patients as a result of the israeli occupation authorities refused to open the crossing since about one month to allow the palestinians to return to the gaza strip or leave it freely .
israel has been allowed to open the crossing for two consecutive days in the sixth and seventh of last month , and since then refuses to reopen it , especially after the hamas movement tightened its grip on the gaza strip by force in the fourteenth of last month .
israel closed the rafah border crossing for the first time in permanently in the wake of kidnapping the israeli soldier gilad shalit in a fedayee operation carried out by fighters from hamas and the popular resistance committees and the army of islam in an israeli military site near the site of kerem shalom in the fifth and the twentieth of june 2006 .
since then , allowed israel to open the rafah crossing at a rate of four to six days in the month distributed among his four weeks , and at other times continued closure months or more in a continuous way .
the deposed government demanded in a statement issued yesterday by opening the rafah crossing in front of the movement of travelers so as not to turn the gaza strip into a big prison .
the government expressed its categorical rejection of all israeli attempts to transfer rafah border crossing ( ... ) to the karam abu salem region for the egyptian - palestinian borders remain pure without any interference or external guardianship .
the hamas movement and the popular front for the liberation of palestine and the islamic jihad movement and the popular resistance committees and joined the martyr ahmad abu al-rish brigades to the government in its refusal to introduce stranded through the kerem shalom crossing , and demanded to restart work at the rafah border crossing .
many activists , including dozens of injured people from fear to return through the kerem shalom crossing , which is controlled by israel completely lest they detained by the occupation soldiers who control the all the details of work at the crossing .
israel established the kerem shalom crossing under the protocol operation of the border crossings in the gaza strip , known as the rice agreement which was reached on 15 november 2005 in the wake of the israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip in the twelfth of september of the same year .
the protocol provides that the rafah crossing for the movement of palestinians , diplomats and others , as well as to export goods from the gaza strip and allocated under palestinian - egyptian control and monitoring of the european observers mission .
it also stipulates that the introduction of goods via the kerem shalom crossing for about one and a half million palestinians living in the coastline is not exceed an area of 365 square kilometers .
the islamic group challenges instructions and meet under the chairmanship of prince in a mosque here ... barzani confirms the existence of violations in kurdish prisons .
the head of the government of the kurdistan region nechirvan barzani admitted violations of the rights of detainees in kurdish prisons , while the islamic group in kurdistan challenged the government 's decision to refrain from holding a meeting in a mosque here .
he said in a press conference , i can say that what is not included in the human rights watch report is not true or correct . in fact , there are violations and we in the government of kurdistan region , we have good reforms in prisons and cooperation and we opened the doors of prisons before the organization at a time when many governments refused its entry into its prisons , and this is the best evidence that we are determined to carry out radical reforms in these prisons .
he added : we asked the concerned authorities and prison officials to conduct an investigation into the contents of the report and i personally was calling for the publication of the report and its declaration in all transparency .
the human rights minister in the kurdish government mohammad aziz said that the report , which was issued by human rights watch us on prison conditions in the region , exaggerated and explained that it was included in the period between last april and october ) 2006 , which is the period that was not completed in the process of integrating the management of the region .
he pointed out that the ministry agrees with some of what came in the report confirming that he ignored the positive things achieved in the region recently to improve conditions in prisons , as well as the release of 400 people after the application of the amnesty law .
the kurdish government denies the occurrence of violations of the rights of detainees and prisoners in kurdistan at the same time , demanding the arab parties to disclose the fate of 250 prisoners secretly transferred from kirkuk to kurdish prisons in aqrah , irbil and sulaymaniyah .
on the other hand , the ministry of endowments and kurdish affairs issued a decision banning any political activity or party gathered inside mosques in the region and stressed the need to make the mosques places of worship and not for political activity , and warned that it would take strict measures against each side seeks to use mosques and other places of worship for partisan purposes .
a statement issued by the ministry said that the islamic group asked for permission to hold a meeting inside the grand mosque here , but the ministry refused , despite this group challenged the ministry held the meeting chaired by prince and the ministry of endowments and religious affairs , the political parties from using the mosques are places of worship and exploiting it for political purposes or warns party as it will take the ministry all legal proceedings against anyone who violates its decisions .
constitutional amendments and demanding a permanent seat in the security council ... and love relationships and regardless with its neighbors ... japan : rush warned and shy ambition to play a role in abroad after overcoming the historical feelings of hostility .
one hot , especially in his first visit , how do you know the country that broke into our imagination , and is thousands of miles away , with its economic progress , especially its technological superiority , and even the rise of disaster is the worst , which was exposed to the people in history .
and what is the secret of this success ?
and how japan can overcome the disaster the destruction that befell it after the second world war and deal with the effects of the united states bombed hiroshima and nagasaki with nuclear bombs , and rebuilding what was destroyed by the war ?
and how exceeded the feelings of hatred with its former arch enemy , the united states , to become the best ally ?
japan has witnessed in recent years , and still , major shifts , the most prominent of which was a clear tendency to emerge from isolation and engage once more in international activities was reflected in the changes to the peaceful constitution allows the deployment of japanese forces abroad , the declaration of other amendments , and calling for a permanent seat in the security council .
what is the secret of this rush of caution and ambition shy ?
how japan looks to the middle east region and the neighboring countries ?
japan 's relations with its neighbors , and especially north korea and china , love relationships and regardless .
japan , the group believes the extended islands between the pacific ocean and the sea of japan , as a victim of geography ( and history ) .
north korea with its ballistic missiles and its nuclear program on the one hand , and china and double its military spending on the other hand .
the japanese people calm in its nature , barely hear his voice , believes it is dedicated to work tirelessly .
and the concern shown by some politicians from neighboring policies , north korea and china , does not find reflection in the ordinary citizen , who would be given , as most of the peoples of the developed world , the internal issues of priority in his life .
corruption and high prices , unemployment and health insurance japanese occupies more than anything else .
although japan will witness parliamentary elections by the end of this month , but the citizens seems to be busy with internal issues , the most prominent of which is the loss of files pensions scandal .
life made a visit to japan and tried to find the answers to some of those questions .
qabbani hopes that the meeting would work to the constitutional institutions .
arrives today in france , the representatives of the lebanese political forces to the lebanese - lebanese dialogue , which begins its work today in san clue in the french capital paris suburb .
it was among the travelers in beirut yesterday , dr. mahmoud berri and foreign relations in the amal movement official ali hamdan , who met before their travel to parliament speaker nabih berri , provided them with necessary guidance to the conference .
a number of participants in the meeting left beirut on friday , and is expected to travel today and the rest of the participants in the conference , which lasts until next monday .
the mufti of the republic sheikh mohammed rashid qabbani , called in a statement yesterday , the representatives of the lebanese parties to participate , to the agreement between them to return to political work to the constitutional institutions for this return integrated with arab efforts made by the secretary-general of the league of arab states amr moussa , between the lebanese parties and with the role of the kingdom of saudi arabia , who sponsored by custodian of the two holy mosques king abdullah bin abdul aziz to save lebanon .
the former president of the government rashid el-solh hope in a statement that the lebanese during a meeting san clooney to reach solutions mercy on the people and the country as was previously in taif .
he said : i have tried some in lebanon wars and conflict and did not reach the matter to any result and events proved that there is no solution except by a direct meeting of lebanese or direct dialogue at the mercy of their country and their fate .
the popular bloc of mps zahle district in a statement after its meeting headed by mp elie skaff , considered that holding the conference represents a positive beat the logic of convergence and dialogue on the policy of unilateralism and monopolization .
the group called on the ruling to seize the opportunity of this forum dialogue conducive to contribute effectively , away from the media and excitement of procrastination and procrastination to come up with a suitable atmosphere for a compromise based on maintaining civil peace progress .
mp antoine zahra ( said the lebanese forces ) that is supposed to lead the san conference clooney to a certain truce and to confirm the possibility of dialogue at the level of leaders in lebanon to come up with solutions .
the supreme council for the national liberal party in a statement after its weekly meeting yesterday that he hoped to achieve a meeting san clooney holes in the wall of separation between the lebanese forces although we do not rely much on any talk of a qualitative leap in the light of recent signals emanating from the opposition .
the first british muslim minister : israeli wall in the west bank territories illegal and unacceptable .
the first muslim minister of state participated in the british government shahid malik , who was appointed by the new prime minister gordon brown last week , in a debate in the house of commons the day before yesterday about the assistance to the palestinian authority continued for three hours .
malik , who is a minister of state in the department for international development , said that he accepts that the hamas movement is an important within the framework of a long-term solution and peace in the middle east , but he said it should abide by the conditions of the international quartet committee , which demands to renounce violence and accept israel 's right to exist and accept the agreements signed with it .
while the british minister welcomed israel 's release of 120 million dollars of palestinian revenues , he emphasized the necessity that israel return the rest of the _800 million dollars held by those revenues .
malik agreed during the discussion with a member of the house of commons that the city of liverpool louise ايلمان that israel has the right to build a separation wall , but he said that building on occupied palestinian lands is illegal and unacceptable .
concerning the jewish settlements , he said that his government 's position is clear , which is that any solution must be based on borders before the june 1967 war and secure borders for israel and a viable palestinian state and recognized , including east jerusalem .
the islamic party calls for guarantees to participate in front of the moderates .
the islamic party demanded constitutional guarantees to pave the way for his participation in the front of the moderate forces , while the president of the republic called iyad allawi , head of the iraqi list iyad allawi in المساهة to promote the political process and achieve national front representing the basic forces believe in democracy and federalism .
mp for the islamic party , azhar al-samerai said that her party demanded constitutional guarantees ahead of his participation in the new coalition led by issuing a general amnesty for the prisoners and the formation of bodies to balance in the cabinet and within each ministry and its support of the constitutional guarantees to achieve it .
he was a member of the unified iraqi coalition mp hassan al suneid said fatah official dialogue channels with the islamic party and invite him to join the moderate political forces .
he told " al-hayat that the islamic agreed in principle to the working paper submitted to him and containing the basic principles underlying the new coalition , pointing out that the party is currently looking for practical assurances to what was mentioned in the working paper , and stressed that the new alliance is considered a framework for cooperation between the four main blocs ( of the islamic supreme council and dawa party and the two kurdish parties ) to be the engine of the entire political process .
in addition , the president of the republic , jalal talabani , the iraqi list headed by iyad allawi described as national democratic gathering deputies representing different sects of the nation , during his meeting with a number of existing deputies expressed his hope to allawi 's contribution to the promotion of the political process and achieve national front representing the basic forces believe in democracy and federalism .
meanwhile , the government renewed its desire to establish strategic relations with the united states , regardless of the date of the withdrawal of its forces , and its spokesman ali al-dabbagh criticized the statements made by former senator lee hamilton doubted the ability of al-maliki to achieve security , and said that these statements reveal the complete ignorance of the iraqi situation , which is surrounded by dangers are not few .
meanwhile , a member of the coalition said deputy abdul karim al anzi told " al-hayat that the american - iranian meeting expected in baghdad will discuss the selection of the representatives of the three states in the joint security committee and mechanisms to activate the work of this committee and ways of cooperation between its members .
stop by the judicial investigator in the case two weeks .
the competent lebanese judicial authority suspended missions judicial investigator in the assassination of prime minister rafiq al-hariri and his companions , judge elias eid , for two weeks , pending a final decision in this regard in the court of appeal in beirut .
it is assumed that this recent , headed by judge sami mansour , to consider a request by the investigator far from following the consideration of the crime , submitted by lawyer mohamed farid matar in his agency four prosecutors in the case .
judicial sources said that the lawyer matar also presented before the civil court of cassation to summon demands under the pretext of president hariri transfer from judge eid to another judge .
accordingly , the head of the criminal court judge ralph riashi discrimination in his capacity as an alternate judge , a preparatory decision two days ago , issued by judge palm spent away from the consideration of the issue of hariri for two weeks in pending a final decision in this regard .
riyashi asked in his preparatory decision from the demand to explain some points related to the case .
the judge informed the content of this resolution , and he expressed his opinion regarding the subpoena and was asked by judge riyashi raised about it .
also the judge 's decision riyashi lawyer matar is the author of the petition , which includes data dealing with the pressures exerted on the judge to release officers detained in the case .
it was learned that the contents of the petition is different in its content , which included a request for a judge eid who consider the court of appeal in beirut , headed by judge sami mansour .
the turkish player concerns .
the winner of the turkish legislative elections today will not be an easy task .
waiting for major challenges abroad and at home together .
the middle east promised more turmoil .
and his countries promised more concerns .
it is enough to consider the winner to the map and that he remembers emerging benefits .
all expectations suggest that the justice and development party recep tayyip erdogan the winner and the demands of the party leadership to deal with the increasing chaos in the region .
there is a big and dangerous entitlement named iraqi bomb .
turkey 's skill coexisted with the american invasion of iraq . but to coexist with what after the invasion seems to be more serious .
president george bush 's ability to extract successes from the rubble of his adventure diminished .
his ability to resist calls for scheduling the withdrawal is eroded .
the withdrawal would mean leaving the countries of the region in the face of iraqi football fire and its repercussions .
if iran was the big winner from the us invasion of iraq , turkey has lost it .
there is a flagrant imbalance in the turkish - iraqi - iranian triangle .
the problem of turkey in iraq cannot be reduced to the pkk fighters holed up in the mountainous areas and launching attacks from them .
the most difficult problem for the state in iraq 's kurdistan will lead its relative stability to revive dreams deployed in neighboring countries , especially turkey 's kurds .
moreover , the invasion of iraq 's kurdistan is no longer an easy task .
the army assumes this role with a price in the internal conflict between erdogan 's party with islamic roots and between secular and inheritance guards in the forefront of the military institution .
for this invasion price also in relations with the united states and the european union , which turkey is trying to infiltrate into it .
there is another challenge .
what do turkey toward the comprehensive attack launched by iran to take leadership in the region and infiltrate into the club of nuclear states ?
do you think enough to deterrence or nato umbrella is also needed to nuclear pillow to sleep reassuring .
last october , the turkish prime minister in istanbul asked about his country 's response in case of holding iran nuclear test .
smiling : this military response to a question .
the answer was repeating the question repeated .
i heard in istanbul that the army will discuss this issue and insists on keeping it away from political and information available .
it can also refer to many files .
the arab - israeli conflict and the growing presence of al-qaeda in the region and the growing sectarian tensions " and the spread of instability in more than one place .
it is necessary here to register that erdogan 's government made strides on the road to qualify turkey for middle east role puts him under a search for stability .
improved its relations with syria and iran while maintaining strong relations with arab moderation .
maintaining the relationship with israel and good with the palestinians .
it was a sign of turkey 's participation in the " unifil forces in southern lebanon , as it was noticeable that turkey is trying to reopen negotiations between israel and syria after an attempt to narrow the differences between beirut and damascus .
and also the winner that deals with the european dream .
the start of negotiations with the european union does not mean that membership is guaranteed .
the measures taken by the government of erdogan remains inadequate in the eu standards .
the issue is far from the qualifying conditions .
europe afraid of immigration and unemployment and lack of integration of arrivals , and also afraid to its identity .
in europe votes proclaiming that turkey is not european in culture and not in geography and that its accession threatens to change the identity of the union .
most likely that turkey will remain under control for long years despite the europeans realize the importance of stability for many reasons , among them to be a safe passage for energy from east to west .
on the internal level , erdogan can talk about stability years spent by turkey in the era of his party .
can lean on numbers .
the growth rate was about 7 percent in the last year .
foreign investment amounted to 20 billion dollars .
inflation fell from 29 percent in 2002 to 9 percent in 2006 .
but the battle is not about numbers only . the past months have witnessed demonstrations by millions of secular supporters revealed few other part the turks fear that the justice and development party secular values commitment once a phased programme to hide a secret agenda .
despite all the assurances distributed by erdogan did not accept the other section of the people the possibility to see abdullah gul mustafa kemal ataturk occupies a seat while his wife wearing the veil .
we can say that this conflict on the identity of the regime and strict adherence to secular values was at the heart of the electoral test today , especially after recent warnings to the army , which is difficult to repeat his previous experiences in saving the country from the civilian rule .
this is not to forget the role of the kurdish factor in the elections and raising concerns .
while ethnicization winds are blowing on the region to pakistan turkish head to the ballot boxes today to hold the winner of the burden of confronting the challenges at home and abroad together .
elections mean the turks as means of willing their bad luck to be born in this troubled part of the world .
9 civilians killed in missile attack in pakistan ... taliban executes south korea ... and threatens to kill more .
the taliban movement carried out its threat to execute one of south korean _23 who were kidnapped in ghazni province last week , accusing kabul to adopt the method of negotiations is not fair , and declared that its final deadline before the execution of more hostages ends at eight and half of yesterday evening .
the spokesman for the movement , qari muhammad yusuf called on koreans to put pressure on kabul to avoid the danger of the rest of the hostages were killed .
but south korean yonhap news agency quoted a government official in seoul did not reveal his identity that taliban released eight hostages , noting that the movement had previously declared that eight south korean hostages patients .
yonhap pointed out that reports that south korea paid a ransom for the release of its citizens .
taliban released from the german magazine stern christophe reuters correspondent and his afghan interpreter , after they were kidnapped for hours in konar state ( east ) , parallel to the borders with pakistan .
kunar province governor شاليزاي ديدار said that the tribal leaders interfered to release reuters , who headed to kunar to investigate the killing of 23 people in an air raid launched by nato ( nato ) two weeks ago .
on the other hand , a french soldier was killed in a rocket attack on a barracks for the afghan army in the province and wardak ( southwest ) , where he was in charge of training the military unit .
in pakistan , police said at least 9 civilians were killed and 41 others were injured in an attack carried out by islamists by firing five missiles at the town of bannu in north waziristan province ( northwest ) parallel to the borders with afghanistan .
he said the police chief dar ali khattak said the missiles were fired by a difference of half an hour after midnight destroyed four houses , and resulted in injuring seven policemen , suggesting its launch of revenge from attacking the day before yesterday , the army commander hideout in pakistan taliban abdullah mehsud , what forced him to explode himself .
the local official mahbub khan said that the rebels bombed sites without discrimination to inflict the largest amount of losses , and making the government in an uncomfortable position .
double suicide bombings and attacks targeting the army and police in the tribal areas two weeks ago , after the pakistani army stormed the red mosque in islamabad , where about a hundred islamic were killed .
solana : the ball is in the syrian court .
the high coordinator for foreign policy in the european union javier solana confirmed that the european attitude towards syria is very clear , and that the international community has set clear requirements , i expect to be respected by all , including syria , and now the ball is still in the syrian court .
solana said in low-key - w t - n - شره - da c - rida news on tuesday . the spokeswoman of the progressive socialist party in lebanon , said that he was pleased with the establishment of the international tribunal in the case of the assassination of president rafiq al-hariri , and if i wish if it was established after getting a consensus in lebanon .
solana went to congratulate the international investigation committee and its chairman serge brammertz on high professional and secret that manages its work .
he said the european union 's commitment to protect the sovereignty and independence of lebanon and the unity of its lands , he said that he is still committed to that lebanon should be free from external interference and unified in its quest for democracy , adding that the lebanese problem at the ideal level dealt with by a lebanese solution , but until that , all those who want good for lebanon will continue to urge all external players to refrain from imposing their agenda , and to do everything necessary to promote dialogue .
with regard to the benefit of the presidential elections , solana said : i think that if we respected the constitutional process , the new president will be able to unite the rule of all the lebanese people .
he said that the lebanese army very effective in the efforts made by in the nahr al-bared camp , and said : i have been amazed to great cohesion , which showed , especially in the face of provocations , confirming that one of the positive aspects of these incidents is that ( the army ) is a rare example of unity among the lebanese .
a humanitarian problem and welfare of lebanese law enforcement imposed on foreign family by readers 1.72 %
social humanitarian situation is not lebanese family established in lebanon , and suddenly lost the dependency and needed a legal solution on the territories it holds .
gave birth to two daughters of syrian husband died after a period of their birth .
after the death of the armenian orthodox archdiocese guardianship decision in lebanon to permit their minor daughters and other lebanese .
and asked the court of first instance in mount lebanon , headed by judge john al-qizzi and membership of the judges alaaâ al-khatib , naji al-dahdah , the appointment of value to manage money her two daughters and other lebanese .
the court examined when he received the request in the issue of the availability of the lebanese courts jurisdiction to decide on the applicability of the lebanese law on the grounds that all members of this family are not lebanese , and examined the jurisdiction of local courts operative according to international law , the principles of civil trials , which identified cases of international jurisdiction of lebanese courts , one applies to summon before the local court to hand that mother living with her two daughters in lebanon and that the request filed by related minor money in lebanon .
based on these facts , the legal jurisdiction over the tribunal moved from a mother 's request in the form to discuss primarily and to determine the applicable law .
in this context , the court said in its decision " that the legislator has worked hard to resolve the problem of conflict of laws through the so-called rules of conflict , and national rules of making legislator or judge , but it does not give a direct solution to the matter at hand , and limited its role to determine the applicable law as the most suitable for the rule of law and more related to it " .
he argued that " the lebanese law , like many foreign legislation and international treaties , adopted the nationality of the person as an officer to support in personal status issues , and imposed in this area , the application of the law on nationality litigant " .
it considered that this methodology is traditional methodology in dealing with the problems arising from the special international relations , but the development of this type of international relations , which led to the existence of other methodologies for a solution involving traditional methodology , including systematic laws with immediate application , which excluded the application of the traditional way .
and explained that " the rules of direct application applied to both internal and international legal relations legal relations regardless of any external element , because the issues dealt with by affecting the social , moral and political bases in a state judge who is seen in the conflict , so that it becomes impossible for him not to apply it and give a direct solution to the issue at hand and not appoint the applicable foreign law , and consequently the application requires the immediate internal legal rules .
dealt with " the lebanese sects , which led to many lebanese laws in the area of personal status , so that each sect is subject to a special law , as is the case with regard to the 2/4/1951 law , which applies to all who belong to one of the sects , is christian .
systems rules القيمومة and its conditions to manage money minors christians . he is to address the issue of issues affecting the foundations of the lebanese social insurance protection and care for the interests of this category imposed on lebanese territory , regardless of their nationalities .
according to what was presented , the law applicable in requests for القيمومة , what sticks to his petitioning , is the lebanese law , and specifically the 1951 law .
mark includes you returned to beirut موزايا : do not elect an agent and not a murderer by readers 3.13 %
mark حويك in beirut airport yesterday , started from the right-wing mp hashem , and mr. basil and mp موزايا .
after a period of treatment in paris , returned the day before yesterday night in beirut , an activist in the " free patriotic movement , " mark حويك , who was injured in the events of last january 23 .
he was received at the airport by mp general michel aoun deputy representative charles موزايا and mp abbas hashem , the official in charge of political contacts in the " current " jubran basil , dr. bassam al-hashim and family حويك and supporters of " the movement , " and received a phone call from deputy ibrahim kanaan .
deputy hashim said that " the movement was proud of receiving a fighter who sacrificed a lot of young people " .
basil believed that " great consolation for mark is rallying around him through the great solidarity with his case " .
from the airport , moved حويك and come to amshit square , and they were joined by mp walid khoury , said موزايا : " mark came to prove to those languishing in their retirees in their palaces saraya , who claim to be national and their agents , and love for life and their قابضو lives , participate in freedom , sovereignty and independence , and their loyal followers , to those who claim to protect the christian community , who canceled good friday , to those who claim purity and for their bus in crime records , came to prove that he is the one who loves life and loves lebanon , without limits , you are the national excellence and lebanese al-sharif , you are confronted with all the courage to the logic of hegemony , you refused the return of the militias to our regions have become an example in the free patriotic movement " .
he added : " we are the owners of the national project , we want to live in a free homeland independent sayed , in a national fight corruption and corrupters and corrupt , and respects the formula of co-existence .
we want to live in a homeland respects the right of the citizen and protect him , and to achieve all this we must elect a statesman in the chair , not a thief and not an agent and not a murderer , we should elect the man who represents the vast majority of christians and the majority of the lebanese , a man of courage and honor , a man of courage and justice " .
egypt : 40 trial postponed from the " brotherhood " by readers 0.56 %
an egyptian military court yesterday postponed the trial of 40 muslim brotherhood leaders , " on charges of terrorism and money laundering and belonging to a banned group to 5 next august .
the first meetings began on 26 april , amid a boycott by defence lawyers of the trial , which was surrounded with great secrecy so that the decision to declare its first sessions to determine not only reveal before hours .
to prevent military policemen , which believes the courtroom international lawyers from attending the session , including former us attorney general ramsey clark and sameeh khreis , a jordanian lawyer who represents the amnesty international .
journalists and some egyptian defense lawyer also prevented from entering the courtroom , which was surrounded by tight security .
dozens of defendants relatives demonstrated outside the courtroom in the huckstep military area east of cairo and they are carrying banners : " freedom for chorfa " .
proposing and settlements cancels democracy by readers 0.35 %
why not make the elections a new chapter in the path of democracy , rather than adjustments and التزكيات ?
the general elections , or subsidiary , back to revive the game of democracy because it alone a safety valve for the concept of the state and institutions and witness the vitality of lebanese pluralism .
acclamation , and that has shown good intentions , it does not feed bread democratically . and it is the people and their right to cancel , and no options for us , especially in the circumstances are not appropriate and the exact situation that may cancel the basic stations , there is no ha'el whatever considerations , before we in the proper practice of democracy .
there are ancient countries in democracy , such as belgium , australia , adopt compulsory voting , because it considers the voting is not only a right but also a duty .
there are other great countries exhausts its people in the election dozens of times in the year .
two months before the presidential merit , the best gift offered by the lebanese people to himself , is the subsidiary parliamentary elections , to accept the lebanese spirit of competitive , civilized confirms maturity , and keeping them away from the language of the street .
it must be a reminder of the benefits of the elections , and that in these circumstances where the verbal exchange at its strongest .
the most prominent interest to know the real sizes of political powers and political trends , both in northern al-matn or in beirut .
the parliamentary elections alone , which indicates the fact sizes for this group or that , which prevents gallantries from here or enlarge the reluctance or minimizing its there , and it can be for each team to prepare for the general elections after a while .
this sport democracy in difficult circumstances and cairo will prove to the world , that the lebanese people are capable of kicking a conspiracy against his regime and his privacy and freedoms , and qualified to win over all terrorism whatever its source , especially if the aim of harming lebanon club states of dictatorship , or those suffering from chaos internal divisions and foreign interference .
fear all fear that lebanon might become accustomed to choose from without elections as what is happening in our world ocean , after his people convinced that the threat to elections ...
the oldest prisoner in the world by 1.54 % readers
palestinians carrying pictures of palestinian prisoner saeed al-otba during a gathering of demanding his release , in front of the red cross headquarters in ramallah yesterday .
( reuters ) entered the palestinian prisoner , saeed al-otba ( 56 years ) " behind bars for the year 31 to become the oldest prisoner in an israeli prison , and perhaps in the world .
about two hundred palestinians gathered in front of the red cross headquarters in the city of ramallah in the west bank , carrying pictures of the threshold and palestinian flags in memory of his arrest on 27 july 1977 .
the israeli army detained عامذاك said the threshold at his home in the old town in nablus and with his brother nidal , who was released after a year and completed his study to become a doctor .
however , saeed , a specialist in electrical wiring , was sentenced to life imprisonment on the charge of planning for armed operations and prepare explosive devices planted in israel .
the punishment also included the closure of the family home in nablus period extended to 17 years .
tokyo deposit makoto oda leader opposing the vietnam war by 0.07 % of readers
japanese writer died makoto oda , who led the opposition to the vietnam war in japan , the last 75 years as a result of his infection with stomach cancer , his family said .
the foundations of makoto oda descending from osaka ( west ) in 1965 the " peace for the sake of vietnam , " or according to its japanese name " بيهايرن " .
this group is famous for organizing a campaign to collect donations in order to deploy the full pages of propaganda against the vietnam war in the newspapers , " the new york times and the washington post .
the most prominent wrote this left-wing intellectual who graduated from harvard university , a book titled " going to every place to see everything there , " issued in 1961 , based on a long journey made by the end of the study , including europe , the middle east and asia .
in the last years of his life to the draft revision of japan 's pacifist constitution , which dates back to 1947 , is a project undertaken by the conservative prime minister shinzo abe , in order to form a japanese armed forces capable of intervening in abroad .
also condemned the us intervention in iraq .
 blair launches a violent attack against islamists in britain العبثيين .
newspaper reported ( the observer ) published on sunday that former british prime minister tony blair launched a violent attack against those whom he called islamists in britain العبثيين who said that they embraced a false sense of grievance that they are exposed to persecution at the hands of britain and the united states .
blair , who resigned from his post in the twenty seventh of last june , warned that britain is facing the danger of losing the battle against terrorists unless the prevailing trend in society to address this threat .
the newspaper said that blair 's statements , in which he attacked the defense of civil liberties groups also came in a tv documentary program will broadcast the fourth channel monday and recorded last tuesday on the eve of his departure from power .
quoted blair as saying in the program the idea promoted by those that muslims in britain do not enjoy freedom of expression of their opinions or their religion , and the truth is that muslims have in this country ( britain ) freedom more than the majority of muslim countries .
blair added we do not fight the battle with the required form , which made us find it difficult to win , because we do not stand in the face of these people and tell them that your methods are not only wrong but also your silly ideas and no one is oppressing you and your sense of injustice cannot be justified .
blair was to remove the taliban regime from power in afghanistan , and said that the islamists have criticized it and considered it an example of western imperialism persecution of muslims to highlight grievances not originally exist .
he wondered how can claim that afghan muslims are exposed to persecution while the taliban forces were carrying out the execution of teachers who know females in schools ?
the return of the policy of axes .
king abdullah 's visit to sharm al-sheikh immediately after the quartet summit ended a period of estrangement and coolness witnessed by the egyptian - saudi relations as a result of the disagreement over the role of each in the palestinian issue each role in influencing and affected by this issue and saudi arabia alone with the mecca agreement without the involvement of cairo , which is considered an insult to their diplomatic and political role egyptians for a long time in relation to extend and islands with the palestinians , considering that what was done in riyadh is the kidnapping of a regional role .
do not refer to what has been done on the ground to abort the mecca agreement , we are supporters of the agreement and not separation .
what is important now is that the egyptian role has returned to the forefront with president mubarak 's initiative of dialogue between hamas and fatah in order to reach an agreement if the palestinian issue out of the crisis that found itself in as a result of the fighting illogical and irrational moral by hamas and this is what came to san professor structure in his latest intervention on the palestinian issue , but this dialogue requires a stage to restore self and family wound healing and concessions from both sides before reaching the negotiating table .
the proposal is popular in the arab political circles and reservation of the leadership of the authority which wants shortcuts to announce the policy of dismantling the legislative and presidential elections in advance and is an irrevocable divorce with a political movement and that we disagreed with them ideologically it having an impact on the palestinian political reality and uproot its roots in the logic of the law will be very difficult and dangerous .
the palestinian situation now in need of mediation of a special kind , any significant impact on both sides first asked mr. abbas to postpone the international forces to oversee the sector , because the palestinians will enter the circle of suicide any final liquidation of the palestinian cause , and this is what the united states of america and israel , it wants to put gaza under international supervision would open the door for the old project to hand over gaza to egypt and the west bank to jordan .
the palestinians are in need of patience to لوص - - - - wal-mart to beach the arab initiative .
abdullah al-rafi'i .
algerian press writer .
Abdellah_errafii@hotmail.com
6
 mediation in the middle east quartet meeting in lisbon , july 19 .
a source in the portuguese foreign ministry said on friday that the quartet in the middle east will meet in the capital lisbon on july 19 in what could be the first meeting attended by former british prime minister tony blair as an envoy to the quartet .
the quartet includes the united states , the united nations , the european union and russia .
will be u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice in a visit to portugal on that day , and is expected to attend the meeting .
diplomatic sources said that tony blair , who was appointed by the quartet on june 27 , the same day when he stepped down from power after ten years may also participate in the meeting .
the source said the ministry of foreign affairs still do n't know , but i think ... yes , that blair will attend , adding that russian foreign minister sergei lavrov may also come .
in washington , a spokesman for the us department of state sean mccormack said that he could not confirm that a meeting of the quartet will be held in lisbon next week .
he did not hear that all the final arrangements and final agreements prepared to hold a meeting .
in brussels , a european official said that it was unlikely that the arab countries such as saudi arabia participates in lisbon for a meeting that the talks between israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas is going well .
the european official said the path of olmert and abbas is going on well and the idea is that let it continue without interference .
olmert said he is expected to meet with abbas early next week to discuss a number of issues , including israel 's initiative to release 250 members of the fatah movement led by abbas from its prisons .
israel holds about ten thousand palestinians .
it will be a meeting of the quartet , which is the first since the islamic resistance movement hamas took control of the gaza strip from abbas 's fatah movement in june .
this led to a shift in the political scene and the palestinian security department actually the palestinians between fatah in the west bank and hamas in gaza .
the last meeting of the quartet held in germany on may 30 ) .
diplomats told reuters that blair sought a wider role since his appointment as envoy to the middle east , which would allow him to participate directly to a greater degree in peacemaking .
the european official said would not give him the quartet absolute freedom , but a big political figure and to some extent will do what blair wants to do .
the quartet set blair 's role in raising funds for the palestinians , building their ruling institutions and promoting their economic development .
no politicians in israel and the palestinian authority in their own speeches shows great optimism regarding the prospects for resuming negotiations on the establishment of a palestinian state .
popularity olmert also became in a weak position does not allow him to make concessions that the palestinians seek to it at a time when the palestinians are facing a dilemma as a result of the split between fatah and hamas and between the west bank and gaza .
but the western powers eager to see more stability and reiterated us president george bush , who marked his presidency with problems in iraq to confirm that he would like to see a palestinian state before he leaves power after 18 months .
niger request to help algeria in fighting rebels in the desert .
officials said that the niger prime minister and leaders of the army to meet sunday with abdul aziz bouteflika , president of algeria neighboring countries to discuss cooperation across the border to fight allah " - rodaina accuses " " claimed tuareg tribes in the desert north of niger .
the niger movement for justice rebels killed at least 36 soldiers and detained dozens since the start of a rebellion in february to demand more autonomy for the vast area around the city of agadez old desert .
the government refuses to negotiate with the group , and says that they are drug smugglers and gangs mean but it asked the neighboring countries to try to prevent the flow of weapons and fuel and food , which is believed to have come from other armed groups desert .
some officials and civil society organizations in niger accuses libya of supporting the rebels who are also targeting mining facilities in the area contains some of the largest uranium reserves in the world , and also reserves of oil .
a senior military official in niger to reuters said the delegation did not go to ask from algeria to carry out any role for mediation as was the case in the past , but to explain the situation and calls on the authorities to support border security .
the official , who said on condition of anonymity b - of course if algeria was able to convince the perpetrators of these attacks that niger would not negotiate and that they should lay down their arms will be an assistant to end .
the delegation includes prime minister amr senj and foreign minister mindaoudou aisha and the commander of the armed forces , general momeni boureima and general abdu كاذا , the national security advisor to president mamadou tandja .
the official algerian news agency said that president bouteflika received the delegation on sunday .
algeria in the past played the role of mediator between the tuareg in northern niger and the government .
launching the tuareg nomads fateh skin , who are known for their blue turbans in the nineties rebellion demanding more autonomy from the government , which is controlled by the african dark skin after a brutal campaign of the security forces in which a number of civilians were killed .
most of the tuareg groups signed a peace agreement in 1995 , promised to further development in the north and boosted the local government and promised to introduce thousands of former fighters into the security forces .
the rebel movement says that these peace agreements did not fully respected and that the north is still marginalized .
the government says that the vast majority of tuareg in the nineties demands have been met .
between balfour seriously and blair grandson palestine land .
in order to establish a viable palestinian state , there is no need to build strong palestinian institutions and modern style asked amum and we are any britain and the european union , will provide you with expertise and training people .
and in order to do so we must provide a source of financing and selling natural gas to israel and others from other sources .
have the past 5 years and the presumed state does not see the light , because the situation on the ground is completely different , i mean , in a way , such as the oslo agreement any new oslo : procrastination and negotiations to even the most small things , will be long hours to the agreement .
blair , like if the israeli army war generals case when including general ends his military service after committing massacres and the like , the man of them becomes a peace dove innocent looking for co-existence , and it is blair , after two disastrous wars against afghanistan and iraq , has become a peace envoy , and the palestinian people . blessed with peace ?
mohamed abdel salam .
electronic message
6
pyongyang promises to respect its commitments to end the nuclear program .
a filipino diplomat said that north korea 's foreign minister , promised during a rare visit by a senior official from pyongyang on sunday to implement its commitments to end the country 's nuclear weapons program .
he said pak ui chun , who took up his post in ( may ) may philippine foreign minister alberto رامولو that the six-party talks on north korea 's nuclear program are progressing well , but he did not mention details of her eye .
he also did not mention a specific date to stop working reactor يونغيبون nuclear , which represents the heart of the crisis .
claro cristobal , spokesman for the philippine foreign ministry said that during the meeting , which was held in manila , pak also expressed his desire to cooperate closely with the philippines in three areas of cooperation , including energy and information technology .
cristobal said that pak and romulo discussed bilateral issues as well as regional and international issues , including the developments on the korean peninsula , which occupied a great deal of talks between the two sides .
cristobal told reporters said that his country is committed to the agreement , which was signed in february to proceed with the denuclearization of the korean peninsula .
he said the philippine side pak minister briefed on developments in the six-party talks .
pak minister said that the six-party talks is making good progress .
pak 's visit to manila is also to attend the regional forum of the association of southeast asian nations ( asean ) which will be held later this week , which is the biggest security meeting in the region and will include the ten asean members and 17 dialogue partners , including the united states , japan and china .
the philippines has offered to host a meeting of officials from the six parties in the talks with north korea , the united states , china , russia , japan and south korea on the sidelines of the regional security forum .
but it is unlikely to hold such a meeting in the absence of u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice , who said she needed to visit the middle east region and that it will send deputy instead of to manila .
pyongyang closed the yongbyon reactor under an agreement reached in february during the six-party talks on the nuclear program .
the latest round of nuclear talks ended this month without specifying any deadline to stop work facilities .
he is scheduled to meet on monday with president gloria macapagal-arroyo and pak wandering in commercial and cultural sites in manila .
haneya : get out of the current situation is only through dialogue .
gaza , july 2 ( xinhua ) ismail haniya , a leader in the hamas movement and the palestinian prime minister , the article said that getting out of the current situation is only dialogue in dealing with the formation of a national unity government on the basis of the mecca agreement and redrafting the security institutions on national bases .
haniyeh said during a telephone conversation with sudanese president omar al-bashir on monday for " his and the government 's adherence to the unity of the people and palestinian land " .
a statement issued by haneya 's office said that the latter explained to the sudanese president position on the latest developments on the palestinian arena , indicating that what happened in the security sector , a step and not political dimensions and imposed by the developments on the ground " .
the statement said that haneya " presented to the sudanese president condolences on the death of dr. majzoub al-khalifa ahmed , chief adviser to the sudanese president " .
the hamas movement imposed its military control over the gaza strip after they broke into the security headquarters and official institutions of the palestinian authority and its symbols who belong to fatah movement .
this was followed by palestinian president mahmoud abbas 's declaration of a national unity government and declare a state of emergency .
hamas rejected abbas decisions which enjoys international and arab relations .
haniya declared his refusal of these resolutions and the continuation of the work of his government .
i mean , this new reality until further notice to government in the gaza strip and another in the west bank .
at the invitation of the african development bank to play a leadership role in africa .
rabat , july 3 ( xinhua ) said the finance minister and moroccan , privatization fathallah fathhallah oualalou , on tuesday that the african development bank is invited to take a leadership role in the development of the african continent .
the minister said , during his speech at the opening session of the workshop , the north african countries on ways to improve the efficiency of the bank 's activities in the african continent , " the bank will only be able to play a role as a catalyst through emphasis on the fact that it is an indispensable mediator for all donors " .
referring to a number of african countries that have made significant progress in the areas of good government and ensuring macroeconomic stability , the minister said that the bank that takes the same growth in order to promote and disseminate throughout the continent , especially at a time when the international community pledged to enhance the flow of money to africa " .
according to the minister , the bank , in addition to his mission provided for funding and mobilize resources for the development of projects in africa , it is also offering advice to its members from states and technical assistance that they need to implement their development programs .
the minister called on the bank , calls for simplifying procedures funding , to develop models for other development partners through the initiative with bold actions with the aim of reaching a maximum of flexibility in the identification and implementation of projects .
a pakistani official : defiant mosque leaders to instructions will face action .
islamabad , july 4 ( xinhua ) -- the pakistani government wednesday again asked students and leaders at a mosque in the capital to surrender to resolve the standoff in the mosque in a friendly way .
the minister of state for information tariq azeem said , " did not give a specific time to surrender , but we want an immediate solution . if not evacuated the mosque and religious institute , it would be time to take action " .
great said in a press conference " if they surrendered , there would be no reason to take action " .
he said the students , who were killed people and burned government property , would face action , but will be allowed to innocent people to return to their homes .
on the other hand , a great confirmed that 10 people were killed and 94 were injured during clashes yesterday .
he said before the lal masjid and hafsa mosque religious institute maulana abdul aziz and his deputy abdul rashid ghazi will not get amnesty and will face trial for what he did .
he said that it is likely that there are between 2000 and 5000 people inside the mosque .
azeem said that hospitals on alert , but " we hope that will not be a result of more victims .
he stressed that the government showed the utmost restraint and will also show restraint in the future .
he said , " we can solve the problem amicably , " he said , adding that he had been extended the deadline for giving students a chance to surrender .
earlier , more than 300 male and female students left today , religious institutes in the pakistani capital to surrender to authorities .
brown : britain needs more international participation in the information on terrorism .
london , july 8 ( xinhua ) british prime minister gordon brown said on sunday that britain needs more international participation in the information about the possible persons suspected of being terrorists , according to reports of sky news .
brown told the sky news television " , while he was visiting the flood-affected areas in britain , " we are now , are in need of more international flow of information about persons who are likely to be terrorists and who are likely to be suspects " .
brown 's statements came one day after the second anniversary of the july 7 suicide bombings in london , in the wake of the state of alert to the occurrence of terrorism , which recently announced in britain .
" i want the system that we are trying to spread across europe , the system , which we know by persons likely to be suspected of being terrorists .
and then we will have a better idea ... about the risks and threats that we face " .
" i think that it is very important that we agree on this , and this is something we consider it a matter of urgency " .
on the other hand , admiral sir alan west , the former navy commander who was appointed minister of security last week , brown said that the war against the terrorist threat facing britain may continue for 15 years , according to a report published by the sunday telegraph newspaper .
the new security minister said that the overall danger facing the country , from local and foreign terrorists alike , in its highest level ever , there is an urgent need for a new approach in dealing with it , according to the paper .
on saturday the british islamic council issued a statement , in which he tells muslims that " their islamic duty " to cooperate with the police to ensure the safety of britain .
the jordanian monarch will head to canada for a working visit .
amman , july 12 ( xinhua ) jordanian king abdullah ii on thursday went to ottawa in a working visit to canada will continue for a few days during which he will meet in the capital ottawa canadian prime minister stephen harper and a number of senior politicians and business community canadian officials to discuss ways to strengthen cooperation between the two countries and the current situation in the middle east region .
a statement by the jordanian royal council said that king abdullah ii will discuss during his meeting with the canadian prime minister , the situation in the palestinian territories and the chances of reviving the peace process in the region , according to a formula the two-state solution and the resolutions of international legitimacy , in addition to the situation in iraq and ways of strengthening security and stability there .
king abdullah ii will also discuss with harper canada 's support for the palestinian economy , where canadian in ottawa sources revealed that the canadian prime minister will use the opportunity to meet with king to emphasize canada continue their economic support for the palestinian national authority .
canadian foreign minister peter mackay said earlier that his country will fulfill its humanitarian obligations in the middle east .
and will focus on king abdullah ii talks with canadian officials on bilateral relations and mechanisms to strengthen cooperation , especially in the economic , commercial and investment fields in addition to dealing with means of enhancing cooperation in the field of energy and discuss the canadian debt resulting from jordan .
among the political and economic actors that will meet during the visit of the canadian opposition leader , the liberal party leader stephane dion , and the organizers of the canadian council for senior executives , which includes in its membership , the most important economic canadian leaders , to discuss ways of attracting canadian investments to jordan and encouraging the private sector in both countries to carry out joint projects .
moreover , king abdullah ii during his visit to canada will deliver a speech at the famous pearson building in the canadian foreign ministry , which was established in honor of canadian foreign minister known as a nobel peace prize lester pearson , who later became prime minister of canada .
backgrounder : dprk nuclear reactor in yongbyon / first and last addition /
the dprk 's nuclear issue escalated in the beginning of the nineties . where the united states government considered that the yongbyon nuclear reactor capable of producing plutonium enough to make two or three nuclear bombs .
with the fear of the dprk 's development of nuclear weapons , the united states signed an agreement with the dprk in october 1994 to stop nuclear facility in return for two reactors for light water resistance to deploy relatively .
and then , pyongyang said it froze 8000 of nuclear rods for yongbyon reactor until 12 september 2002 , when it announced that it would reconsider the operation after it accused the united states of not fulfilling its commitments .
china has played an active role in defusing the pyongyang 's nuclear tensions gathered officials from china , the dprk , the republic of korea and the united states , japan and russia to the negotiating table for the six-party talks .
on 13 february 2007 , the six-party talks issued a joint statement on a decisive step towards nuclear disarmament of the korean peninsula .
according to the document , the dprk will shut down and blocking the yongbyon nuclear reactor , including a reprocessing facility , and invites members of the international atomic energy agency to monitor and verify its actions .
reports of two germans kidnapped in afghanistan .
berlin , july 18 ( xinhua ) lost two german nationality and it is clear that they were kidnapped in afghanistan , according to german media reports said on wednesday .
martin jaeger , a spokesman for the german foreign ministry only confirmed that two german nationals missing in afghanistan .
german diplomats in kabul to seek a speedy clarification of the situation .
the british broadcasting corporation ( ( bbc ) quoted an afghan official as saying that a total of seven people were kidnapped in wardak province of central afghanistan , including two german citizens .
a spokesman for the united nations in new york confirmed the kidnapping of seven people in wardak but said that the victims are six afghans , one of the members of the international monitoring mission , and is believed to be a german nationality .
the spokesman added that four afghan police officers who were among the kidnapped group were released .
a second batch of south korean troops arrive in lebanon .
beirut , july 19 ( xinhua ) thursday arrived at rafik hariri international airport in beirut , the second batch of south korean troops operating in the framework of the united nations forces in southern lebanon ( unifil ) .
the number of arrivals today reached 288 officers and members join the officers and elements of their country , who arrived in lebanon last week , numbered 60 officers and element .
the korean battalion commander in a statement to reporters , praised the cooperation between ( unifil ) and the korean battalion and the lebanese army .
he stressed that the purpose of the presence of these forces in the south is helping to implement the international resolution no. 1701 for peacekeeping in the region .
afghan forces and coalition forces have cordoned off the area to rescue the south korean hostages .
kabul , july 22 ( xinhua ) -- the afghan forces and the coalition forces led by the united states and the area cordoned off suspected taliban hideout to secure the release of 23 south korean hostages , according to a statement issued by the afghan defense ministry on sunday .
afghan security forces and coalition forces took positions around the area in the qarabagh district of ghazni province in the center of the country , awaiting orders to invade taliban hideout , according to the statement .
on the other hand , the spokesman for the taliban , yousuf ahmadi , said that militants would execute all the 23 hostages if they rashly unleash forces carried out an incursion .
a team of south korea , headed by deputy foreign minister arrived in kabul on sunday to mediate in the release of the hostages .
taliban militants kidnapped the south koreans in the ghazni province thursday afternoon .
taliban fighters have threatened to kill all the hostages unless the afghan authorities release 23 taliban prisoners before the seventh of this evening , 14.30 gmt ) , and then extended the deadline for another 24 hours today .
the taliban also demanded the withdrawal of 200 soldiers from the south korean forces from the country , while the south korean government said it would withdraw troops at the end of 2007 as scheduled .
taliban militants have carried out kidnappings in the country repeatedly during the past two years .
they have some hostages were killed brutally .
the jordanian monarch receives a message from the iraqi president .
amman , july 26 ( xinhua ) jordanian king abdullah ii confirmed his country 's support for all efforts aimed at maintaining the unity of the iraqi people and achieve security and stability and ending the state of violence and disorder witnessed by iraq in this difficult phase .
according to a statement of the royal court , jordanian king abdullah ii stressed during his meeting today , the head of the office of the presidency of the iraqi republic nasir al-ani keen to strengthen bilateral relations and cooperation between the two countries to achieve the common interests of the two peoples .
ani conveyed to king abdullah ii , according to the statement , a message from the iraqi president jalal talabani included " emphasis on iraq continued to consolidate and strengthen its relations with jordan in various fields " .
al-ani briefed the jordanian monarch on the latest developments on the iraqi arena and the efforts exerted to achieve national reconciliation between all the components of the iraqi people .
it is worth mentioning that the host countries of iraqi refugees in the jordanian capital today discussed the situation of these refugees and ways to support the needs of the host countries as a result of the burden of hosting them .
a tribal leader warns of al qaeda return to al anbar province , west of baghdad .
ramadi , iraq , july 28 ( xinhua ) warned the anbar awakening conference , sheikh abdul sattar abu risha , head of the return of al-qaeda elements in the province of anbar , west of baghdad , after news of the penetration of groups linked to al qaeda network to the province in the past few days .
abu risha said in statements he made to reporters on saturday , " we have received certain information about the entry of armed groups linked to al qaeda to some cities in the governorate . "
" if the situation remains as it is now , it would be al qaeda permeates much because the weapons in the hands of a few , most of the military and police groups clans still unarmed and do not possess communication devices .
"
abu risha said " that elements of al qaeda network managed to penetrate into the desert west of ramadi , the center of the governorate , while sleeping cells started operating again . "
abu risha held the iraqi government responsible for any security breach might happen , for its negligence in arming the sons of the governorate , and to strengthen their capacity to contrary to the agreements signed with the government , which did not bear its responsibilities properly , according to him .
it is worth mentioning that the tribal sheikhs in al-anbar governorate founded about a year ago a tribal gathering opened on behalf of " the anbar awakening conference " to confront al-qaeda and groups associated with him , which is active in this province .
arab report : arab region will witness the flow in the volume of foreign investment .
tunis , july 31 ( xinhua ) the arab institution for guaranteeing investment recently issued a report to 2006 on the investment climate in the arab world expected the rise of foreign investment flows to the arab countries in the region during the current year .
he said the report , which was reported by the newspaper " on tuesday published excerpts from the tunisian , that the institution attributed the increase in the share of the arab countries to internal and external factors driving attractive factors .
the report added that on the level of internal factors improved methods to promote country and continued efforts to create a climate of investment by facilitating administrative procedures and shorten its and its cost and the time needed to complete the number with an increase in the number of comprehensive service centers and provide the necessary information and improve the degree of compliance with the disclosure of data and the degree of its coverage times according to internationally agreed standards , in addition to the expansion of the arab region in the economic cities projects and what is required from the basic infrastructure of airports and roads , ports and railways and the commitment of a number of arab countries to complete the privatization programs .
referring to external factors contributed to push investment towards the arab region from the most prominent of which is the low rate of return on investment abroad compared with his counterpart in the arab region , specifically in the area of natural resources such as oil , mining and widening the market some activities in the sectors of services and one of the most important tourism , communications and transport sector with its forms and sold the real estate investment market .
he also contributed to the rise of the arab states share of foreign direct investment in the world continued increasing inter-arab investment significantly during 2006 , especially in the tourism sector , which witnessed huge investments exceed the cost of announced investment worth 25 billion us dollars .
the report predicted improvement in the growth of arab trade , especially exports ( except iraq , somalia and palestine ) of goods and services , justifying that by the impact of rising prices for oil and minerals and continue to improve the entry of arab exports to world markets due to improved quality standards imposed on their products and increase efforts to develop arab exports .
