iranian opposition mujahideen khalq organization said that it had won a legal battle continued for seven years when he supported three senior judges yesterday ruled that the british government was wrong when it banned the organization as a terrorist organization .
the judges in the court of appeal rejected the appeal of the british government in the ruling that was issued last november that its refusal to lift the iranian mujahedin khalq organization from the list of banned terrorist organizations was wrong .
the head of the court , lord nicholas phillips said that the appeal filed by home secretary jacqui smith " is not based on reasonable cause " , adding that " the right path is rejected the demand " made by the interior minister .
maryam rajavi , the head of the political wing of the mujahideen khalq organization , the national council of resistance of iran , " said the ruling proves that he described as terrorism against the mujahideen khalq organization was unfair " .
she said in a telephone call from paris to reuters agency , " western governments and the government of the united kingdom city for the iranian people and resistance to apologize for this shameful description " .
rajavi said that lifting the name of mujahideen khalq organization from the british list of terrorist organizations will release the frozen assets of the organization and enable them to collect money from their supporters in britain , adding that it hopes to lead the government to put an end to similar sanctions by the european union .
she said that britain and the european union must recognize and agree to start negotiations with the iranian resistance .
the mujahideen khalq organization began as a leftist - islamist opposition organization for the late shah of iran but disagreed with the clerics who took power after the 1979 islamic revolution in iran .
major general tariq al-hassan al anbar police chief , confirmed that intelligence information has brought a new police command of the name and address of the so-called " abu omar al-baghdadi " , the leader of the " islamic state of iraq " linked to al-qaeda .
al-hassan said in a statement to " asharq al-awsat " , that the real name of " al-baghdadi " is hamid dawud khalil alzawa .
al-hassan pointed out that al-zaway was born in 1959 and was working in the iraqi intelligence service at the time of the former regime , was expelled from his strictness .
al-hassan said that the raids were based on intelligence information , occurred in the alzawa area in haditha district where he obtained this information .
" the information also indicates that we are on the verge of arresting him or kill him " .
hassan added that the presence of al-qaeda elements in anbar , " it has become very clear that the arrest or kill them has become a muslim who believes in every element of the iraqi police in the governorate .
therefore , the arrest of the so-called leader of the islamic state of iraq has become imminent " , hinting that his body " has the image of the truth now , which is reserved for security reasons " .
hassan said " that the desert between haditha and mosul and kirkuk district extensions granted angular continuous movement and that some information came to the effect that from baghdad and mosul .
but we stress that his relatives and family in al-zawya village in the district of modern and that the people of the region in the name of their city or village ( called alzawa )
the defense team said about 3 of dutch arab origins , had been arrested in connection with a case related to terrorism , expressed their happiness for the public prosecution 's decision to close the investigations , and research on the issue .
the defense team said that he is ready now to prepare for a lawsuit , demanding compensation for the three persons , two of moroccan origin and the third sudanese origin , to compensate them for the period spent in prison during the investigation into the case .
a spokesman for the dutch public prosecutor 's office , said that it was decided to close the file of the follow-up and investigation into the case , which was detained for three persons , during the celebrations of the new year , on suspicion of their involvement in preparing to carry out terrorist attacks during the new year celebrations .
the spokesman added that the decision of the public prosecution due to lack of evidence , and that inspections of the homes of the suspects , did not result in the presence of explosives or weapons , nor are any plans to carry out terrorist attacks , and has not been identified , the targets that were targeted by those plans .
the defense of the three persons expressed their extreme astonishment , to detain suspects for a mere information from the internal security intelligence services , without the presence of any evidence .
the dutch public prosecution , progress in mid - january , with a request to appeal against the court 's decision not to extend the imprisonment of moroccans , while no demands to extend the imprisonment of the third sudanese origin .
but the court advisory in rotterdam issued its decision , rejected the request of the public prosecutor 's office , the absence of strong evidence to prove the involvement in terrorist plans , and therefore the court decided to release them .
it is a small country consisting of seven million and does not enjoy natural resources , and surrounded by hostile states , however , has been able to israel despite everything from building the economy achieved global position and growth of 5 percent annually since 2003 , faster than the economies of britain , the united states , and japan .
according to reuters agency helped the transition to free market policies in recent years in the success of the economy , but a large part of the growth of israel based on businessmen who founded technology companies and then sell them or offer shares to the public in a model might have reached the maximum extent its economic potential .
after they made great strides in the first 60 years of the establishment of israel now seeks to search for ways to benefit from the culture of innovation through the marketing of its technological superiority abroad . says shlomo kalish co-founder of jerusalem company global ventures , which is one of the oldest risk capital companies in israel , " israeli businessmen know how to work in the global markets because there is no local market remember , globalization work for us " .
he said false holtzmann , chairman of the board of israel venture brief venture capital research center that china and india which compete with israel in the field of advanced technology has now become a lucrative market for israeli exports .
" asia already has become the most important market for israel 's advanced technology . but the level of innovative technology , which is limited to the advanced israeli technology sector will remain the main factor that keeps israel 's superiority .
a british court declared the day before yesterday that the palestinian islamic " abu qatada " , who is considered the spiritual leader of al-qaeda network in europe , will soon be released under judicial control .
which was condemned by the government , which is seeking to deport him .
the special immigration appeals commission said that omar mahmoud mohammed othman , known as " abu qatada , will be subject to strict judicial supervision , and will not be able to leave his home but two hours a day .
the judge sentenced john meeting to release muslim cleric came after the court of appeal ordered the government in april , to stop handing him over to his country of origin , government procedures because of his claim that he is facing a threat of torture if returned to jordan .
however , the judge acknowledged that " abu qatada " may threaten national security , and imposed a curfew for 22 hours .
which means that it should remain in his house throughout the day , with the exception of two hours .
officials said that he would be chapter in the rest of the details during a hearing on the other , within two weeks at most .
fundamentalists in london said that " abu qatada " did not reach his home after , but they expressed their hope to join his family in a few days after long months spent moving between prisons " bilmarsh " very guarded and " long to barton , " in the north of england .
he did not specify a date for the release of " abu qatada , " but the matter will take place during the coming weeks .
noting that he held in prison " belmarsh " in south east london .
moscow yesterday reviewed its nuclear missiles and tanks in red square for the first time since the end of the soviet era .
the new russian president dmitry medvedev warned of the outbreak of " armed conflicts " as a result of " irresponsible " ambitions .
russia has returned to the traditions of the former soviet union to register red square after a suspension that lasted for 18 years , to review the latest achievements of the country 's military .
military bands and eight thousand soldiers participated in the parade .
and then the heavy weapons , including topol-m ballistic missiles and tanks or t - 90 - followed and fighter jets flew over the parade area .
in an attack on us foreign policy and western support for kosovo 's independence , medvedev criticized the " intentions of interfering in the affairs of other countries , especially the demarcation of the border " .
and stood beside the new president of his predecessor vladimir putin , who became prime minister , under the sunshine in front of lenin 's tomb whose picture appeared on a giant background written on them as well as the date of 9 may 1945 .
also for the first time since the collapse of the soviet union has witnessed major russian cities from the far east to the baltic kaliningrad , a presentation of military equipment and aviation under the same system that took place in the capital .
it is noteworthy in this regard is keen the russian authorities this year that shows soldiers and red - russian army officers in new uniforms from producing valentine يوداشكين , the most famous fashion designers in russia and widely known in the world of fashion world .
ninawa operations command has declared the day before yesterday evening a curfew in ninawa governorate .
a number of the inhabitants of the city , said in a telephone contact with al-sharq al-awsat that the city is generally very quiet and that iraqi armored vehicles patrolling the streets of the city and us aircraft flying in the air , confirming that the curfew is forbidden to persons also but there is movement within the same district and shops opened and people started to shop for fear of the continuation of the curfew for more days .
younis hashim , deputy of the islamic party in the province , said that the surprise in entering the forces which has taken control of the city because elements of al-qaeda , " did not expect to enter this way , hinting that the talks also revolved around the car to confront these forces , and has been brought under control as well , believing that the operations will be the same quality goals and will not be in a way that took place in operations in basra or baghdad .
the governorate of ninawa operations commander general riyadh jalal tawfiq demanded in a statement read by yesterday to reporters in ninawa operations command headquarters , " professors , intellectuals and sheikhs and tribal elders and religious scholars in the governorate of ninawa , as they are the second line of the security forces to stand with us in the liberation of the province " , according to the independent news agency ( voices of iraq ) .
it also recommended the ninawa operations commander , " members of the former iraqi army to join the ranks of the security forces to pursue al-qaeda militants " .
karam abu salem crossing , which is located in the area of triangular convergence on the borders between egypt and israel and gaza was exposed to a palestinian attack yesterday , at the same time , kept مصرمعبر rafah border with the gaza strip open for the second day in a row .
eyewitnesses from the residents of the area of the egyptian-israeli borders said that three palestinian missiles at least fell yesterday morning over the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
witnesses said that they heard sounds of explosions clearly on the israeli side of the crossing , making them wary of moving to the area near the borders with israel .
it is worth mentioning that there is no material or human losses on the egyptian side . israel closed the karam abu salem crossing since the nineteenth of last april in the wake of the palestinian activists in launching an attack on the crossing , which resulted in the injury of 13 israeli soldiers and three palestinians were killed when it was used for the passage of egyptian food aid to gaza .
an egyptian man and a child were killed since the beginning of this year by bedouins in the region said that he was fired from an israeli guard tower in karam abu salem crossing .
in february last year a palestinian rocket landed inside the egyptian territories by mistake launched by palestinian activists on the karam abu salem crossing from the israeli side .
most areas of the gaza strip sank in darkness due to stop the only power plant in the gaza strip for the second day in a row to the refusal of the israeli authorities to provide them with the necessary fuel to operate them .
palestinian families in many parts of gaza strip depended on the candles in the light of houses , while no longer possible generators to run out of diesel fuel and gasoline .
at the same time , the lighting systems which operate on gas without work for running out of gas from most palestinian homes .
abdul karim abdine , director general of the palestinian energy authority , explained that the occupation authorities refuse to provide the power plant with fuel , claiming that there are security barriers at the crossing " of nahal oz , " through which unloaded fuel allocated to the station .
it is worth mentioning that israel allows supplying the strip with limited quantities of fuel for the power plant , where does not keep the station with sufficient reserves of fuel .
on its part , the palestinian ministry of health warned of the consequences of the impact of the blackout on medical services and the lives of patients .
and said in a statement issued yesterday that outage threatens the lives of kidney patients who are in need of dialysis operations , which require the presence of an electric current , along with chest diseases patients who are in need of respirators depend on electricity , in addition to the danger that threatens the lives of newborns who depend on their care for the presence of electricity .
the ministry said that the blackout will lead to damage large amounts of medicines should be kept in refrigerators .
see akin adesina , vice president of " the alliance for a green revolution in africa " in the global food crisis an opportunity as well as a challenge . " in the medium and long term , the expansion of agriculture and not food aid is the only solution " .
adesina said that the retreat of agricultural production in africa over the last thirty years represents a scandal where does not produce only a few african farmers and very little that hardly enough even for consumption of their families .
he said " that the agriculture sector in africa for negligence over the decades " .
also see pedro sanchez , agricultural specialist at columbia university in new york , as well as working as an adviser to the united nations development program that the current crisis is the appropriate time to carry out the " green revolution " , referring to the indian example .
he said " that the crisis of prices during the sixties , which pushed towards providing tremendous support for rice cultivation there " .
sanchez said either has faced a rocket rise in prices on world markets , the african countries that rely on imports , to push for local production of corn , rice and grain and other crops in order to reduce its dependence on foreign imports .
some african governments are trying to do this exactly . in early may , the kenyan government launched a program at a cost of 50 million dollars in cooperation with the alliance for a green revolution in africa , which mainly aims to help small farmers .
under this program will provide low interest loans as well as supported by the state and good seeds , fertilizer to about 2.5 million farmers .
in senegal , president abdoulaye wade revealed a plan called " the great agricultural campaign for food and abundance .
the first polling stations opened their doors at 00,10 gmt . g. tuesday in indiana ( north ) where organized primaries mission within the framework of the race to win the democratic party nomination for the presidential elections in november .
the preliminary elections started after dozens of people were waiting for the opening of polling stations in indianapolis , which will close its doors at 00,22 gmt .
this electoral process is forty - ninth to settle the result between the candidates to win the support of the democratic party barack obama and hillary clinton .
will open some polling stations located in the west of the state at the eleventh hour t. g. at 30,10 gmt . g. opened polling stations in north carolina ( in the south - east ) , where organized other primaries .
and called for the election in indiana total voters numbered about 3 million voters in the state , because those voters are not registered according to their political affiliation , as well as in other states . in this case , for republican voters or independents that can make the difference .
in north carolina , will participate in the elections , only registered voters in the democratic party ( 6 , 2 million ) or independents ( about 2 million ) .
whatever the outcome of the primary elections on tuesday , will not have any of the democratic candidates a sufficient number of delegates , which allows him to get his party 's nomination . but the result may convince " senior delegates " to join this or that candidate .
israel on wednesday amid a political crisis marks the anniversary of its soldiers and civilians who were killed in battles or in attacks , before the celebration on the sixtieth anniversary of its establishment .
prime minister ehud olmert said in a speech , quoted by public radio " mention here our sons who fought and sacrificed themselves for the sake of the continuation of israel ... we pledge to continue to commemorate their struggle for the survival of the state and work for a better future " .
on tuesday , olmert said that " it is difficult to be one prime minister of israel " , referring to the investigation conducted by the police on the issue of new corruption included his name in the media is " very dangerous " .
the court imposed a total blackout on this file , but it allowed the publication of information that the authorities are interrogating " a foreign national is key witness " in the case .
the political class is talking now about the possibility of olmert 's resignation or suspension of his duties or even holding early elections , while the current parliament 's term ends in november 2010 .
in the light of these poisoned political climate , flags lowered in official buildings in memory of 22437 israeli soldiers were killed in the fighting and 1643 civilians were killed in attacks since the establishment of the state of israel on 15 may 1948 .
as in every year , sirens at eleven o'clock local time ( at seventh gmt ) in all parts of the country and the israelis to stop the movement to honor their dead .
olmert later presided over a ceremony at the military section of the mount herzl cemetery in west jerusalem where he hid the majority of historical figures in the country .
south african president thabo mbeki on wednesday called for strengthening economic cooperation between his country , the biggest economy in the african continent , and qatar , which is considered one of the most important gas exporter in the world .
especially in the fields of natural gas and space science and human resources .
mbeki , who is on a visit to qatar , said during a seminar qataris , south african businessmen on wednesday morning in doha that " south africa is interested in obtaining collected from qatar liquefied natural gas " .
mbeki added that " one of the topics that we are discussing is cooperation in the field of space science ... and in the area of human resources " .
the president of south africa on tuesday started an official visit to qatar at the head of a delegation that includes in particular about one hundred businessmen representing about thirty institution is interested in partnerships with qatar .
mbeki said that economic relations ( between the two countries ) are not up to the level of our political relations " .
the emir of qatar , sheikh hamad bin khalifa al-thani met tuesday and wednesday his guest and discussed with him the " ways of strengthening bilateral cooperation .
they also reviewed a number of regional and international issues , " according to the qatari news agency .
for his part , minister of commerce in south africa said mandisi مبهلوا that " the time is right to develop commercial cooperation opportunities ... especially in the fields of energy , communications , science and technology , infrastructure , as well as in tourism " .